I'm built like you are
Your snake cold lips
That echoes through my brain
Let me lift a glass high
Let me follow in your sigh
But this is something else
I feel like I
I wish you'd tie me up and beat me
A bleeding strap across my back
Oh kiss away, oh kiss away
That you could kiss away
Put a bloody gag to my teeth
Is there waste that I could eat
I am your little girl
I'm forever in your swirl
You have no use of me
And then insert a fist, an arm
Please open me I beg
And I am mistress dread
Open and release me
Oh kiss away kiss away
All I ask my baby
Shapes of things before my eyes
Will time make man more wise
My eyes just hurt my brain
(Come tomorrow) will I be older
(Come tomorrow) may I be bolder than today
But will they still be seen
Boy into your passing hands
Don't make them desert sands
A seed within my mind
Big John Mazmanian!
Funny Car!
Thank you
Hey, listen!
Send me twelve eight by ten glossies in Monday's mail
Fifty bucks a piece? Cheap at twice the price. Call my service
Thanks a lot man, would really . . . A funny door!
Yeah, yeah
You talking 'bout millions or you talking 'bout mine?
For what people be talking 'bout all the time
You talking 'bout fiction? Hold up, pardon my back
And all I hear is, "Oh yeah, he keeps talking 'bout crack"
I'm talking 'bout despair, I'm talking 'bout shame
I ain't talking 'bout Jimmy, I ain't talking 'bout Dame
What is you talking 'bout? I don't know what y'all saying
I'm doing better than before, why would I do that?
'Bout worrying your moms and burying your best cat
All teary-eyed, 'bout to take it to a mattress
You talking 'bout who's hot, I ain't talking 'bout that
I don't run rap no more, I run the map
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Chyeah, still they can't focus on them, they be talking 'bout me
Yeah, check out my hair, these ain't curls, these is peas
Please, we ain't focused on naps
A small part of the reason the President is black
Talking 'bout progress, I ain't looking back
People keep talking 'bout Hov left 'em flat
Dame made millions, even Jaz made some scraps
As far as street guys, we was dealing crack
Grown men, want me to sit 'em on my lap
I repeat, you can't sit on my lap
And now that that's that, let's talk about the future
Now you could choose to sit in front of your computer
Or you could come with me to the White House, get your suit up
Peace out Medusa
Tooter of my own horn, beep beep, moo ya
So I could see the sky
They say
And just the pure at heart will walk her righteous streets someday
"Where is your God"
And I say it's taken Him so long
Tell me people
Why can't the light of good shine God's love in every soul
I thought this world was made for every man
But in my heart I can feel it, yeah,
Feel it, yeah, feel His spirit...
But if so let all be pure at heart
Let God's love shine within to save our evil souls
"Where is my God" - He lives inside of me
Inside please let Him be
Feel His spirit, yeah
Feel it, you can feel His spirit
I sho nuff could feel it yeah yeah
You can feel it, yeah, feel His spirit
Oh, here comes GREGGERY,
The nocturnal gregarious
A peccary is a little pig with a white collar that usually hangs around between Texas and Paraguay, sometimes ranging as far west as Catalina
This particular peccary is part of that bold...
New...
Breeding...
If it's wide enough
That the tie I'm wearing
Of how nimble my mind will know
(Swank suave!)
Hoonna hoonna
Here he comes again!
Yes it's cravy, cravy, yeah...
Every morning, GREGGERY drives his little red Volkswagen to the ugly part of town where they keep the Government Buildings.
Boy it's so hard to find a place to park around here!
GREGGERY PECCARY takes the elevator up to the eighty-third floor of a grim, gray, evil-looking building with a sign on the front reading: 'BIG SWIFTY & ASSOCIATES, TREND-MONGERS'.
And so it was, one fateful morning, GREGGERY PECCARY made his way through the Steno Pool...
Hello Gladys!
Yes, from the moment they laid eyes on him, all the girls in the BIG SWIFTY Steno Pool KNEW... here was a nocturnal, gregarious wild swine ON HIS WAY UP... a PECCARY of Destiny, Adventure and ROMANCE...
SWIFTY'S!
AT BIG SWIFTY'S WE ALL KNOW-OW-OW
YOU'LL GO
WOULDN'T YOU RATHER BE INVOLVED
TIME-WASTING TRENDS?
LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA
IS YOUR WIFE SNORING BY THE SINK?
YOUP YOUP YOUP-YOUP-YOUP YOUP YOUP
WHEN THERE'S SOME LITTLE SOMETHING
Does it matter that this waste of time is what makes a LIFE for you? Hmmmmm?
WE HAVE GOT THE LITTLE ANSWERS
THAT MIGHT BE BOTHERING YOU!
(WE'RE BUSY MAKIN' 'EM!)
WE'RE BUSY MAKIN' 'EM
JUST FOR YOU!
Highly efficient, Miss Snodgrass!
With his eyes rolled heaven-ward, and his little shiny pig-hoofs on the desk, GREGGERY ponders the question of ETERNITY (and fractional divisions thereof), as mysterious ANGELIC VOICES sing to him from a great distance, providing the necessary clues for the construction of this thrilling new TREND!
Sunday?
SUNDAY, SATURDAY... TUESDAY THROUGH
SUNDAY, SATURDAY
GREGGERY issued a memo on it, whereupon the entire contents of the Steno Pool identified with it STRENUOUSLY, and WORSHIPPED IT as a WAY OF LIFE, and took their little pills by it, and went back 'n forth from work by it, and paid their rent by it, and before long they were even having BIRTHDAY PARTIES IN THE OFFICE by it, because NOW, AT LAST, GREGGERY PECCARY's exciting new invention had made it possible for everyone to find out HOW OLD THEY WERE!
Unfortunately, there were some people who simply DID NOT WISH TO KNOW, and that's why, on his way home from the office one night, GREGGERY was attacked by a RAGE OF HUNCHMEN!
They appear to be casting sinister glances toward him through their glinting acid burn-out eyeballs, trying to run him off the road, or make him bump into something... giving strong evidence of HOSTILE AGGRESSION!
GREGGERY takes a bumpy trail off the main SHORT FOREST ROAD, which leads him up the side of a FAMOUS (and conveniently placed) MOUNTAIN, and into a strange cave on the edge of a cliff, not far from a LITTLE TWISTED TREE... with eyes on it.
Under the influence of a fantastic amount of TRENDY CHEMICAL AMUSEMENT AID, they proceed to perform lewd acts, rip each other off for small personal possessions, and dance with depraved abandon in the vicinity of a six-foot pile of transistor radios (each one tuned to a different station).
The HUNCHMEN finally expire from exhaustion, and GREGGERY, who has viewed the proceedings from a safe distance, breathes a sigh of relief...
Only to be terrified once again by a roar of immense laughter...
Which seems to be rumbling up from the very depths of the cave in which he has hidden his car!
GREGGERY doesn't realize he has concealed himself inside the very mouth of
And, as you all know, whenever BILLY laughs, rocks and boulders hack up, and the air for miles around is filled with tons of dust, forming a series of huge BROWN CLOUDS!
WHO IS MAKING THOSE CLOUDS THESE DAYS?
GREGGERY stops at a gas station and makes a mysterious phone call...
WITH THE PAINT PEELIN' OFF IT
WHERE THE DOGS ROLL BY?
THE PHILOSTOPHERS NOW,
WHERE THE BOOKS GO TO DIE?
SAY YEZ GOT QUITE A FEW,
WITH NOTHIN' TO DO?
'CAUSE I WANTED TO SEE
OF ASSISTANCE TO ME!
Folks, as you can see for yourself, the way this clock over here is behaving, TIME IS OF AFFLICTION! Now this might be cause for alarm among a portion of you, as, from a certain experience, I TEND TO PROCLAIM: 'THE EONS ARE CLOSING'!
IF YOU ASK A PHILOSTOPHER, HE'LL SEE
I'm not a one girl's guy... (Real talk for ya, peep game)
I don't lie (we don't lie, man)
Ain't gonna say my nose can't be opened (I may never say never)
To choose one from (too many ladies, ha)
Yo put your number on this paper 'cause I would love to date ya
Woo! Who you loving, who you wanna be hugging? Heh
Got this smarty art chick to whom I pose this question
To put this in laymen's term, I gave her some knowledge
Now all she does is homework, I give her in house tutoring
And she, call me "Professor," say daddy come and test her
I'm like, at this rate ma you never graduate
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Yo put your number on this paper
Now let the people sing
Just trying girls out
Who said what? Why you tripping, girl? Why is you fussing?
Spend her whole day, she hanging round with part time haters
Itinerary, but since I tend to vary, see
Tend to hurries in ten places at once (Woo!)
Ma, our time together is our time together, and uh
So love Jay with your mind, girl, and not your heart
Like the late Makaveli or Pirelli twenty inches
You tell 'em chicks if they must know my business
Holler at ya when I get off tour
I'm looking for a Southern girl that cook like Patti LaBelle
Chanel under the Louie, Gucci over her booty
Pretty, witty, girly, worldly
Light kinda dark, short sorta tall
She can cook the coke and got hook up on the license
Isn't this great? My flight leaves at eight
I'm trying girls, girls, girls, girls
When it comes to love, I don't lie
Ain't gonna say my no can't be over
I'm trying girls out (Waiting patiently)
What you get and what you see
Feeling happy in my vein
Something blowing in my hair
Death would freeze my very soul
My eyes are blind, but I can see
The sun no longer sets me free
Let the winter sun shine on
Fill my dreams with flakes of snow
Don't you think I know what I'm doing
You're the one that's really the loser
Crystal world with winter flowers
Lying snowblind in the sun
Oh no, here it comes again
Hold on, good things never last
Again and again, again and again, and again
Time again to save us from the jackals of the street
Captain's at the helm, sail across the sea of lights
Weaving a charm and a spell
Called by the toll of the bell
Moving on a never-bending light
Out of shadows, shining ever-bright
All right!
Swizzy!
Hands up! Hands up! Hands up high! (La dee da da da!)
Hands up! Hands up! Hands up high! Hands up! Hands up! Hands up high!
(I need everybody put your hands up, wave from side to side right quick for me)
Yeah, you would think I was on 'roids
Nah we ain't on HGH
(Running through your state) Nah, nah, nah, we ain't on the clear
Yeah Yeah, it's Ms. No More Drama
I put my life on these tracks
Luckily my therapy is to rap
You're all welcome, long as you felt them
I'm from the bottom, so I do this from the diapers
I do this, I'm a writer and a rider
I'm a writer and a rider
To all of y'all keeping y'all in health
You're all, you're all
Yeah, now everybody get yo' hands up
Yeah yeah, you probably never see again
Viva Hovito, my nino, muy bien
Until I reach Colleek, I do it for him
May these bars reach through your bar
God so Lisa Stansfield you are
I put my heart into this
The reason I got a market to do this
(I'm here for you) This ain't no marketed music
If it wasn't for your love it would all be a dream
That's why y'all don't need to thank us
We know what you were going through
When no one seems to understand
Sure I taught you 'bout watch brands and watch bands
I ain't only teach you about Evisu
Well, you've got me working so hard lately
If I was twice the man I could be
Still you lead me and I follow
But this one act of consecration is what I ask of you
Promise carved in stone
Sever flesh and bone
Well, you just leave me nailed here
I'm just dying for your sins
Wrap my eyes in bandages
I get everything I want
Is deeper than the sea
Devil's flesh and bone
I'm so tired I can't get to sleep
I just want you to know
Now, we don't come up here because we feel like walkin' four flights at three o'clock in the morning.
We were up here last night. Now for us . . .
Yes.
For us to continually come up to this here place every night and not show no action other than to say, yes a corrective indictment . . .
We look kinda bad. I mean, let's be honest. Now if you had to give me any kinda reccomendation, or mark my word, you'll say, "Who the hell's kiddin' who? This guy's a mistake, every night, 3 to 4, 2 to 4, betwen those hours you guys are at 53 E 10 st, what are you doin' there every night? You mean you, you permit this condition to continue on without once giving a summons?" Alright, your lawyer said to knock it off! Uh, we're puttin' ourselves over backwards with these people. Do you know what we're doin'? Do you know what we're doin'?
Alright. Well this is, if we're up here once we're up here twenty times. I know that little guy, like a, like the guy at the, like a long-lost brother. Now if we ever get called down, if this ever goes to a big explosion, and they say, "Officer, what did you do, did you issue summonses?" They get, this is all in the rekkid book, how many times we've been up here. This is all rekkids.
Now if these people wanna subpoena these rekkids, they can subpoena these rekkids. An' they can find out how many times we've been. This is us on, wait! This is us alone! An' they say, "Officer, what did you do? Warn 'em? You mean to tell me you were up here about twenty times an you never issued a summons?"
Well, WE never issued em! How many summonses have you gotten for noise?
The studio! The studio.
We've gotten one.
Hey look, stop it, pack that stuff up, stop making NOISE you guys!
Well, who's in charge here at the studio?
In charge?
He's more or less in charge
I don't run the studio, I just . . .
I'm in, I'm in charge
Right.
Here, have a BUN.
You want a BUN?
I'm issuing you a bun
Yeah, I issue it.
You guys ain't got one hit record by now, my goodness.
It takes a long time.
Are you sure you don't want one of those breakfast rolls on your way down the stairs?
You better believe that I don't want nuthin'
Whoever it is in charge at the time. He could say Joe Blow, I don't care what kind of a name he gives me. Then if the courts decide, if they wanna know who he's takin' orders from, they'll summons that person to court. That's all there is to it.
Okay.
Lost in the darkness,
Pray for my father, my brother, my Maker and Savior
Blood on my conscience,
Out of the gloom, I rise up from my tomb into impending doom,
The blood runs free, the rain turns red,
The voices echo in my head,
Is God dead?
Run through diving land,
For the sinners will be damned.
You cannot exhume a soul,
Leaves you empty and unwhole?
When can I empty my head?
Is God really dead?
I transfer from reality unto a living death.
With God and Satan at my side, from darkness will come light
These riddles that live in my head,
Do you believe a word of what the good book said?
God is dead. God is dead. God is dead. God is dead.
But still the voices in my head are telling me that God is dead.
Look at how they stop and stare
And though I see them I don't care
Thinking about that each and every morning
And though it seems I'm hooked on this fixation
Until my nights are true with you
Ooh baby, my heart is on the wild
I want to feel your love
Listen at me call your name
And though it seems sometimes insane
So I wait so patiently the moment
And all I need from you is confirmation
That I long with you
Ooh fire
Feel your love mixed with mine
Can't cha feel the pulsation of my heart?
Junior's eyes looked up to the skies in tears
Junior sighed, as his hands reached out to the sky
Yeah!
I'm sorry it won't be for long
I'll try my hardest not to cry
Junior's eyes, they couldn't disguise the pain
Innocent eyes watched the man who had gave everything
Junior's eyes looked into the skies once more
He desperately tried, his fingertips stretched to the stars, yeah
She comes along
She makes you better than
It's in her kiss
And it runs deeper than you
With teeth
To what you were
The lines begin to blur
It comes on strong
The place where you belong
She will not let you go
This time, I'm not coming back
A crystal girl I'd spy
And stuttered as she sighed
Ching-a-ling song is fine
To make this daydream mine
Ching-a-ling, ching-a-ling, ching-a-ling
Two lover souls we spied
A cheerful happy cry
No better do we know
For love is all we own
...and the road becomes my bride
So in her I do confide
Gives me all I need
Only knowledge will I save
Rover, wanderer
Call me what you will
Free to speak my mind anywhere
Anywhere I roam
...and the earth becomes my throne
Under wandering stars I've grown
I ask no one
The less I have the more I gain
I'm free to speak my mind anywhere
I'm free to speak my mind
Carved upon my stone
Wherever I may roam
I see the look of evil in your eyes
Sorrow will not change your shameful deed
Evil woman, don't you play your games with me
You want me to claim this child you bore
And you know the way it's got to be
Wickedness lies in your moistened lips
Black cat sleeps on top of your stained bed
Where's the pain in the violent night?
I stay over many years
For the love of the money
It's the nature of being
I can't tell bad from wrong
Too exchanging
But you've changed me
Where the traffic is thin
And the sound of tomorrow
Like the silence of tension
Can't pass you by
Hawk, who goes yonder?
Well speak up man, what is it?
The best of both worlds has returned
Whose is the freshest of them all?
Is Doug E., as me and the boy Kelly
We got hits like a thirty shot clip
Holler at your boy, boys
I ain't a lame, on them Dana Dane's
Nigga, we right here, we can go bank for bank
We can go bitch for bitch, got a pretty young thing
Meeting Michelle at the hotel
Got the ladies saying, oh
You know what I'm saying
Losers lose, so when we does what we do, we win
Then we win again, like M.J. do
Young Scrappy, that's what grown man do, let's move
All we wanna see is them hands up, hands up
It's the return of best of both worlds
And plus, Kells got super pimp 'cross his chest
And when I'm rolling through your hood, I be causing wrecks
I be in the club while my chrome still spinning
Just to hear the black Sinatra, sing 'em a few lines like
Kells and Jigga, man, back on the set
Ladies be like, damn, bling, bling, bling
H to the O, and the R&B king
So ladi dadi, we like to party
The good news, haters, we got a lot of dough
We on a world tour, with Jay and my man
London, Paris, New York, D.C
We on a world tour, with Kells and ya man
Miami, Best of Both, coming to your city
I'm getting by in other ways
Watching you drown, I'll follow you down
The lights in the sky have finally arrived
I tried to stay away, just in case
Time, time has a way, you know, to make it clear
I can't disappear or leave you here
The lights in the sky are waving goodbye
Only thing I've ever done
Closest I have ever come
Best days I have ever known
A little more
Falls apart and
I don't mind
Wish it didn't have to end this way
Oh, all the things that might have been
God forgive me if I cry
Stays the same
Remember when
Even then
Hold me near
I know you well. You are a part of me
I know you best, better than anyone
You are just a part of me
You don't speak
You can't leave
You're just here for
I know you well, better than one might think
It's time for you to make a sacrifice
A part of me
(I'm tired of walking
No love left for me to give
But no one wants me the way I am)
To roam from door to door
I just don't care no no no more
I'm not satisfied
I don't like the way
Who, I said who would care
(I never met nobody
Who, I said who needs me
(Nobody needs me
Why should I just sit and watch
I just wish that someone cared
Every little thing I've tried
Have you ever seen the gates?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down
Food, clothing, shelter, help a nigga find some peace
Conspiracy theorist screaming Illuminati
He's 6'2", how the fuck he fit in a new Bugatti?
Question religion, question it all
Meanwhile this heretic, I be out in Marrakesh
Y'all dwell on devil shit, I'm in a Diablo
Hello bitch, it's me again
That's me in the corner, that's me in the spotlight
Getting ghost in the Ghost, can you see me? Can you see me?
I'm secular, tell the hecklers seckle down
And God is my chauffeur, boy they love Hova
I confess, God in the flesh
I'm like Michael, recycle, these are not 16s
Tell that preacher he's a preacher, I'm a motherfucking prophet
You gotta love it, I arrive at the pearly gates
Niggas asking me questions, I don't answer to these busters
Heaven or Hell, the cards we been dealt
Die for what you believe, only one god recedes
He saw the world, dim with the glow of the vertical sun
Misguided mortals you'll burn with me,
When death calls - this is the hours of dying
When death calls - there's no tomorrow
Tell me not fear of the flames means that heaven is closer
When death calls - heaven is closer
When death calls - here it comes, here it comes, here it comes
Don't look in those sunken eyes
Don't laugh in the face of death or your tongue will blister
And Satan takes your soul
The Devil takes your soul
When death calls - your gonna burn, burn, burn
Was she never there?
Was it air she breathed?
All the flowers so
With the hymns of night
On the wrong day
If I'm dreaming all my life
When the mother sighs
Oh-oh
If I'm dreaming all my life away
Dreaming my
Music is a world within itself
With an equal opportunity
But just because a record has a groove
But you can tell right away at letter A
They can feel it all over
Music knows it is and always will
But here are some of music's pioneers
For there's Basie, Miller, Satchmo
And with a voice like Ella's ringing out
You can feel it all over
I can feel it all over - all over now people
Come on let's feel it all over people
So I had to memorize these rhymes until I got home
It's like an exercise
I'm the all time heavyweight champion of flowers
Best flow, most consistent, realest stories
And my interviews are hotter! Holla!
That was housed by the building where Malcolm X was slain
Run suicide drills over and over
That's why they call me "Hova"
I wake up the birds so when the nerds asleep
I am focused, man, and I'm not afraid of death
I run the block (run), pull up in a drop (pull up)
I keep jacks jumping, thirty six sets
I pump in Roc sweats, all white trainers
Maintain your stamina, Hov will damage ya
The fifth, a dead lift if niggas don't want to get shot
No need to hit the showers, the spit from the fifth leave you wet
One (and, and, and) one
Three (and, and, and) three
One, two, three, four, breathe easy
Jigga man is diesel when I lift the eight up
Your flow is brain on drugs, mines is rap on steroids
Make yours look like an exercise in futility
We don't struggle with undeveloped muscles
Same routine when you see me you know the drill
Off your arm, remain nice and calm
Know my way around your ring
It sounds like the same old thing
We're the ones with the flame (Yeah)
We're controlling the game from now on (Ugh)
It's the world-renowned internationally connected (Yeah, yeah)
Don't get it confused (Oh-oh, yeah)
Rell, Peedi Crakk (It's the Roc, baby)
And introducing
All the girlies wanna fall in lust with me
I hit it once; when I'm done, give it up to Neef
All the haters wanna claim that they fuck with us
They can't fuck with us, who? Soo! (Aw)
To do with your ho all wrapped in one
The one to cop one, come back for another one
I'm the (Grr, rrr) mean green out the money machine
In interviews, and thought you could hold Sparks in the hood?
And you like it
We love it, that "black mask, black glove" shit
And my vest, just like that
Ain't really from the streets
Those seen here we'll lead you, forever
And our voices will ring (Ring!) together
It's young Free!
Busters know if you cross the line, thinking I'm off my job
Nigga, them slugs'll fly
Tempers spilling, I peel, look how I'm killing the wheel
Your girls skirts and veils, she undressing
I'm the one! Young H-O, a game of none
It's only 40 proof, it feel like 151 when I'm done!
Through customs, cops can't bust him
Nah, we love it
You can't fuck with young Easy up on the Just Blaze production
Can't stop us from copping bottles while we clubbing
Where do you go when your conscience takes over
Did you imagine, that no one would notice
All the world is watching you, every tongue is
How are your dreams, do they claw at your sleep
Where is the god, that once was your strength
All the world is watching you, nowhere you can hide,
When you sin cardinal sin, you make your bed and on it you must lie,
About the child, he's running wild,
We say oh, go to hell.
Cardinal sin,
Cos you're no better than the rest of the human race.
I had a friend once he took some acid
It's okay until he pisses on your lighter
satan, satan, satan...
Tried to marry me and every one in the room
kinda tried to fuck my lazy boy
arm chair covers, throw pillows, and carpeting
Heh heh heh heh heh... I was there last night...
I wish I'd walked before I started to run to you
What kind of people do you think we are?
Just for you
The endless ocean of emotion I swam for you
The shock troopers laying down on the floor
Are you devil, are you man
Ladies digging gold from you
Yeah you're through
The voices in the dark that you never heard came true
Your fallen phallic god dismembered and gone
I beg you please don't let it get any worse
Yeah curse you
You're gonna get what is coming to you, that's true
Are you Satan, are you man?
It began
Will they still suck now you're through
The search is on, so you just better run
Rob the dead, they don't feel a thing
Rats, rats
You are a figment of a thing unknown
The fornication of your golden throne
So tired of sadness and of misery
Where it will end, I don't know
I thought I was smart
But everything is gonna work out fine
I know, I know, I know, yeah yeah I know
You might just think the words are wrong
But they don't know what my eyes see
The neon lights are shining on me again
I need a lady to help me to get through the night, through the night
The sleepy city is dreaming the night time away
I see a man, he's got take away women for sale, yes for sale
Oh dirty women, they don't mess around
Walking the streets I wonder will it ever happen
If I could score tonight then I will end up happy
You didn't try to call me
Didn't ya know I was lonely?
I keep on callin' your name
I need you so bad
Tell me, tell me
'Cause it worries my mind,
I stayed home on Friday
And you didn't try to call me
But I love you
'Cause I want you
So excited, girl
From the moment that we met,
I can't keep the tears
I'm all alone at my place
(I say, please!)
I was working on my car
I fixed the seat so it would tilt back
And you didn't call me, man
It was nine o'clock and I was sitting on home
We'd been going steady for six weeks
I thought you were my teen angel, man
I dig you so much, man, why didn't you call me
I was hung up, I even washed the car
We were gonna go, we were gonna go out
(Baby!)
(Girl!)
To be a civil judge
`Bout rock stars and their grudge
To thirty years or more
Will Hitler beat `em all?
Really sorry that it happened that way
But why'd you have to treat us that way?
And cover them in sin
A terrible state we're in
A comprimise that's right
We're gonna have to fight
I'm talking about my brothers
I wish you good luck
Oh, but the world's still on fire
This fire
Stronzo
I'm trying to take a nap but
Ugh, you really hurted me,
When I was high,
Talk to me fai schifo
Have you ever been trying to take a nap?
Because I'm thinking of your fucking ugly face
Fai schifo
Vafanculo
Stronzo bastardo
- Piece of shit / asshole (as in a person who isn't very nice)
- You are disgusting
- You're really disgusting!
- Bastard piece of shit / Bastard asshole
Jones crushin' love
She don't merely fit like a glove
That little girl's got the Jones
Grind up my Jones
She don't ever wanna leave it alone
Till it's just a nub
Here she comes
Steam shoots out
The eyes be rollin'
The wind can't blow
Jones crusher,
Deadly jaws, better get the gauze
So impressed with all you do
Flew too high and burnt the wing
Lick around divine debris
Shedding skin succumb defeat
Made the choice to go away
Tear a hole exquisite red
Broken, bruised, forgotten, sore
Poisoned to my rotten core
Is a place where I hide, where I stay
All alone by myself, where were you?
Everything that swore it wouldn't change is different now
Then my head fell apart and where were you?
Like you said, you and me make it through
Free speech, free speech for the dumb
Is the answer in his eyes?
Or in the words that you first hear her say
First impression in your mind
How will I know she loves me?
It's hard for true love to find you, find you
I know all things in time
For true love forever mine
The first time you're holding hands
Is it in her tenderness?
Or in the sweet love you make through the night
Well I have no problem waiting, just waiting
In life we have our pains and sorrows
Not thinking there's always tomorrow
You say you're out of luck
Telling you to
'Cause they're always worth having
Don't let anyone ever steal your joy from you
This world is filled with peaks and valleys
Too busy keeping sorrows telling
You say you never win
Until the day that life is said and done
You better hold on to your dreams
You better hold to your love
So if they try to burst your bubble
And when you feel you are in trouble
And feel your heart inside
Just as long as you
Don't let anyone ever steal your dreams from you
(I love you, papa)
We go hard
Brooklyn, we go hard, we go hard (Go hard)
This is black hoodie rap
Better look on map
Me nah think such a ting is worth a man's life (Christ!)
I promise he won't like my reply
I'm a Brooklyn boy, I may take some getting use to
Same shiddit, from Brownsville to Bainbriddidge
So the number runners was the only ones I hanged widdith
Fear no orangutans, piddeel ciddaps
Please! Tell me what the name of this shit
Brooklyn we go hard, we go hard (B-R, O, O-K)
I father, I Brooklyn-Dodger them
'Cept when I run base, I dodge the pen
Now when I bring the Nets, I'm the Black Branch Rickey
Spread love, Biggie; Brooklyn, hippie
With no history in my borough, they borrow
The sun don't come out for many, like Annie
Papa sort of did; still, I managed to live
Now please tell me, what the fuck's harder than this?
Cross that bridge, face the consequence
Risk takers, we break the rules
Bed-Stuy stay high in my neck of the woods
(Brooklyn!) Let it be sworn in
Rip it to the core, underneath it all we harder
One step, one step, give it up more
Got big cash dreams and a sick death wish
Kill the voice screaming in my head
There's a rumbling in the sky
With heat rising through my eyes
It doesn't hurt me like it did before
Trying to get to Heaven before they close the door
Oh, when I was in Missouri
I had to leave there in a hurry
They broke the heart that loved you
I've been walking that lonesome valley
Ooh, trying to get to Heaven
Oh, people on the platforms
I can hear their hearts are beating
When you think you lost everything
I, I'm just going down the, that road feeling bad
Ooh
I'm going down the river
They tell me everything's gonna be alright
I close my eyes and I wonder, boys
I've been to Sugar Town, oh, shook the sugar down
Ooh, trying to get to Heaven (Trying to get there)
Ooh, trying to get to Heaven (Trying to get to Heaven)
Before they close the door (I've been all around the world, boys)
Wit de goblin
From da mystery world
'Cause it's Halloween
Is the way she dress
'N her hairs a mess
At de costume ball
An' she can gobble it all
I been hobblin'
Goblin Girl...
Some girls like
Some girls like to dress like a queen
Can dress for me
(They look so cute...)
There ain't a problin
Pink all over
Goblin Girls
They look good
Every Halloween
"Goblin Girl, take it away..."
Talkin' 'bout the bad girls
Talkin' 'bout the bad, bad girls
Some are called Doreen
They're tricking your treat
They're very bad girls
They make your face look like you got scales on it
When the green light shines down
Everybody in the audience
That looks like it's made out of Fish skin
Because he knows the guys in the front
Scales all over their body...
Slipped away from me.
But there was nothing I could say.
Crept away from me.
What you trying to say?
What you want and what you need,
I can see your back is turning.
Love.
This is my love for you.
Say
won't
Get up.
Say.
Raah
don't make a fuck to me.
I want to date you maybe
I want to wine and dine you
I want you hard in my arms
You get the key to my heart
But you're too physical, physical to me
I want your roughhouse baby
You let me feel your danger
I want the touch of your charms
I wanna say all those things
No
You're too physical for me
You're really just just too just
Oh, goddammit!
Too fucking physical
Oh you're too physical
Just too
I saw the gap again today
Take care not to make me enter
Managed to push myself away
Pushed you away, my dear
I will choke until I swallow
What are you but my reflection?
But you're pushing, and I'm shoving you
Rest your trigger on my finger
You'd better take care not to make me enter
You're pushing, and we're shoving
And you still love me, you still love me
And I'm slipping back into the gap again
I feel alive when you hold me
Slipping back into
Put me somewhere I don't wanna be
Seeing someplace I don't wanna see
Saw the gap again today
If when I say I might fade like a sigh if I stay
I must persuade you another way
Pushing me
Staring down the hole again
Survival is my only friend
Remember I'll always love you
It will end no other way
One breath away and there you will be
Again you will see
Steal away into that way back when
But like the weather
Stay gold
When we can see
A memory
So must the day
And leave a ray of sun
Life is but a twinkling of an eye
though not imagined
Will age too old
Listen, uh! Anything you want girl
Just stay up on that floor girl
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
Especially when you bounce, bounce
I see money when you bounce, bounce
Ooh you so nasty, amateur pole dancing
She tried to rain dance, money so long it'll drown you girl
They had to pull back about 50 thou before they found ya girl
I'm an original D-boy, they go bankrupt if they try to keep up
I'll spread bread on the bed, ever had sex on a million?
Red light, TLC
On the iChat
I'm like, "Ooh you're so nasty"
I ain't gotta go down to the go-go
I got stacks of fifties, I got piles of hundreds
You know, you know you hot like fire
But not them 1s and not no 5s
That's a thousand dollar bill, baby
As I blow, this dough, you might could retire
In the Matrix have patience, got lots of bottles
Got no 1s got no 5s, my D notes are higher
Than Nicole Richie, roll with me, they're on a diet baby
U-S-, H-E-R, R-A-, Y-M-, O-N-D, Skateboard P
Hehe, woo!
And all the amateur strippers, who's in aerobics classes
I can make great, baby
This girl is made of lipstick
Sees the pictures of herself
This girl is maid of Bond Street
Gleaming teeth sip aperitifs
Takes the train from Paddington to Oxford Circus
But passengers don't smile at her, don't smile at her
A broken heart
Doesn't want to know her any more
Every thing she wants is hers
All the time, to love, all the time
Jealousy
Really wants to be a star himself
Her cares are scraps on the cutting room floor
Maids of Bond Street picture clothes, eyes of stars
Maids of Bond Street shouldn't have love affairs
Addicted to sobriety
Another god on earth
You say that you can read my mind
You think that you can be like me
But you're no friend of mine
Make your own truth, and get out of my way
For your desire
Just your pariah
A symbol of your own device
You're just one pill away
Make up your mind, and get out of my way
That I descended from the sky?
To worship me on high?
I got no wings to fly
Bitterness and burden
Solitaire and sorrow
Save the Earth and claim perfection
Hold the pose, reign perception
All you bear
Place it right on, right on me
Own all the grief and the pain
Atlas, Rise!
Bound by the world all alone
Crucify and witness
Bastardize and ruin
Blame the world, and blame your maker
So you carry on
Heavy is the crown
Drama wears you down
Hit the ground and heaven crumbles
Swallow all your pride
I thought I would again
I thought we had more time
Carry me, carry me home
I am he
As you are me
See how they run like pigs from a gun
Sitting on a cornflake
(Better come now) Corporation T-shirt
Man you've been a naughty boy
I am the eggman
I am the walrus
Mr. City
Pretty little policemen in a row
See how they run
Yellow matter custard
Crabalocker fishwife
Boy, you've been a naughty girl
Sitting in an English garden
If the sun don't come you get a tan
G-goo goo g' joob
Don't you think the Joker laughs at you?
See how they snide
Semolina pilchard climbing up the Eiffel tower
Man, you should have seen them kicking Edgar Allan Poe
Juba juba juba
All I knew and all I believed
That no longer comfort me
Some order and sanity
So I take what is mine,and hold what is mine
Soon the water will come
I must leave it behind
This ground is not the rock I thought it to be
Thought I was free
Divine destiny
This changes everything
Thought the sun would come deliver me
The ground is breaking down right under me
In the water
What you want me to do? I'm sorry!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Show me what you got, little mama
Show me what you got, shorty
Hands up and waves, and waves (show 'em what you got! Show 'em what you got!)
Give the drummer some
It's the winter's turn, Hovi Hov is the coldest
Young, no two alike like a snowflake
Words is slurring, engine purring
Shots of Patron, now she in the zone
Mami in the zone like the homie two-three
We all balling the same
Nigga, you might want to fall back from recording
So it forced him to go for the hype
But misery, I will assure them
Truth or dare, mami, listen and learn
Hey, hey, hey, hey! (Uh!)
And waves, and waves! Uh!
H.O.V.A., gold bottles of that Ace of Spade
All these dudes know how to say is gimme
Gimme your number, gimme your name
I'll make you tell these other dudes gimme got you here
I'll take the cork off, you can take sips
Take your clothes off, you take off mine
Hovi in the spot, tried to told you I was hot
Get the fuck out the throne you clone, the King's back!
Good luck
Ladies and gentlemen, the most incredible
He's back
Blazettes
Dynasty continues, y'all die
Here I come again now, baby
Tell it's me by the clamor now, baby
And I been smokin' for so long
Got you in a stranglehold, baby
Road I cruise is a bitch now baby
And if a house gets in my way, baby
You ran the night that you left me
I got you in a stranglehold, baby
Sometimes you wanna start higher
Some people think they gonna die someday
C'mon, c'mon up...
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon up
Road I cruise is a bitch now
And if a house gets in my way
Ya ran the night that you left me
An' I was doin' fairly well
An' everybody start to yell
'An all that crap we used to sell?"
at the Green Hotel
If you're a multi-millionaire
If all you own is what you wear
'Cause neither of 'em CARE
'Cause they ain't been there
'N find out how the hall-way smell -
'Bout what the bums in there could tell
But I s'pose it's just as well
Up in the Green Hotel)
An' neither did my fate -
Republican candidate!
But I wish he was in HELL
At the Green Hotel
They hope we will forget
An' jelly-bean etiquette
Has simply not worn well,
Up in the Green Hotel
(I mean) the Green Hotel
(An' gone again) the Green Hotel
Pass me the dog food!
It begins
All the flesh
There was a time when it used to mean just about everything
Breathe, echoing the sound
Sink until I drown
And it keeps repeating
Never be enough
Watch the white
It fills up the hole but it grows somewhere else instead
Yeah yeah yeah yeah, but it just left me dead
The world is over and I realize it was all in my head
I erase the fear
You can never leave me
Baby Grace is the victim
And the wheels are turning, turning
(All's well)
No I have not been to Oxford Town
Pay the private eye
And the prison priests are decent
I fear my days are numbered
(Here) (All's well)
This is my flesh and blood
And the wheels are turning and turning
If I had not ripped the fabric
If I had not met Ramona
I have not been to Oxford Town
This is my food though foul
20th Century dies
The return of the Thin White Duke
Here are we, one magical moment
Bending sound, dredging the ocean
Here am I, flashing no color
Here are we, one magical movement
There are, you drive like a demon
Making sure white stains
And once there were sun birds to soar with
Got to keep searching and searching
And who will connect me with love?
Have you sought fortune, evasive and shy?
Drink, drink, drain your glass, raise your glass high
I'm thinking that it must be love
It's too late to be late again
The European canon is near
I won't let the day pass without her
Should I believe that I've been stricken?
The European canon is here, yes it's here
It's too late
He had a lot of nothing to say.
We're gonna miss him.
We wish you well.
Well, so long.
Or feel too down.
But at least you tried.
He had a voice that was strong and loud.
At everything but his heart.
What it was that you had said to me,
But it was so loud.
Took a stand on every little thing
You could be the one who saves me from my own existence
I'm too smart when you're invisible by the bone symbol on you. So he bashes his skull through the window while looking out to the sea. Like torment of my ego. And we're amused by this
He had a voice that was strong and loud and I
Someone above the ground,
Someone prepared to lead the way,
Will you? Will you now?
Don't you fucking lie.
You claimed all this time that you would die for me.
Come down.
We need the fucking space to nail the next fool martyr.
You must be crucified
Goodbye...
Echoing your voice just like the ringing in my ears
Scraping through my head 'til I don't want to sleep anymore
I'm down to just one thing
I just want something
You always were the one to show me how
This thing is slowly taking me apart
Come on, tell me!
Though it all looks different now, I know it's still the same
Just a fading fucking reminder of who I used to be
Nice and high and far apart
I built this place with broken parts
You'd be surprised at what you can do
Irrelevant
You feel me breathe, I am watching you
The many ways you can't get to me
Oh the things I could do, if I wanted to
And I just slowly fade away
You will never ever ever ever get to me
Oh by jingo
We're painting our faces and dressing in thoughts from the skies
But they think that we're holding a secretive ball
They're just taller children, that's all, after all
So hold on to nothing, and he won't let you down
Quite alone
But some sit in silence
I sing with impertinence, shading impermanent chords
I've borrowed your time and I'm sorry I called
That we're nobody's children at all, after all
Forget all I've said, please bear me no ill
Me and my heart took a
Vow to my heart I never break
Seasons may go but know
My love will always stay forever and always
I can say these words to you without delay
Try forever that's how long I'll feel this way
Promise from the stars that they'd
People will come just as
Whatever life has in store
Yes, forever is how long my love will stay
But so what?
Here's your friendly announcer
What I'm about to say
Could change your joy and laughter to tears and pain
Love's in need of love today
Send yours in right away
Breaking many hearts
Before it's gone too far
To make you its possession
Destroy ev-er-y-body
Precautionary measures
Then you'll hear me when I say
love's in need of love today
right a-way
break-ing hearts
gone too far
don't de-lay
hate's
Stop stop it please
Breaking-hate's tried to break my heart many times
Before before before
You know that hate's going around
Hate's going around hate's going around
And it tried to break up many hearts
You've got to I've got to They've got to
We've got to They've got to We've got to
Stop it before it's gone too far
Love's love's in need of love
Did you ever think that love would be in need of love today
de-lay
Hate's hate's
So bring it down a little
of love today
hate's goin round
Well, please stop it
right away
Blow on a Jug
Be like me and blow on a jug
Everybody begin - blow on a jug
She's a Valley Girl
Fer sure, fer sure
Like, OH MY GOD! (Valley Girl)
Enchino is like SO BITCHEN (Valley Girl)
And like all these like really great shoe stores
I like buy the neatest mini-skirts and stufl
Super-super nice...
On Ventura, there she goes
Tosses her head 'n flips her hair
Anyway, he goes are you into S and M?
Could you like just picture me in like a LEATHER TEDDY
I'm sure! NO WAY'
He called me a BEASTIE...
He goes like BAG YOUR FACE'
Okay. fine...
So sweet'n pure
Like my English teacher
He's like Mr. BU-FU (Valley Girl)
I am SO SURE
He like sits there and like plays with all his rings
It's like totally disgusting
It's like BARF ME OUT...
Last idea to cross her mind
A pair of jeans to fit her butt
So like I go into this like salon place, y'know
And the lady like goes, oh my God, your toenails
It was like really embarassing
I'm like sure...
I was like really embarassed...
And there is no cure
She like makes me do the dishes and (Valley Girl)
I am sure
BARF OUT' (Valley Girl)
Hi!
My name?
Uh-huh
Uh-huh .
It's like...
I'm sure (Valley Girl)
I am a VAL, I know
So like, I don't know
Oh my God!
I'm getting my braces off, y'know
That's going to be really like a total bummer
I'm SURE
They're so gross...
But like, I don't know, it's going to be cool
Stick me
Still me
But too old to see
See what you brought this world
Hey, Ma
The marks inside your arms spell me
Just what you want you want to see
What to be and what to fear
See right through me
And this poison ivy chokes the tree
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
Rock on, Roc-A-Fella y'all
Shall remain anonymous, caught up in the finest shit
Involved with cream, you know exactly what this shit's about
Like the point guard off your favorite team, without doubt
My mind was fine 'til the dough hit it and told me that the Mo' did it
I blow a digit on a diamond in a minute but, no bitches
Trying to strike a bargain, hoping that they might get pardoned
And my cerebral breeds the wickedest evil, thoughts that this sport'll feed you
Freeze off my kneecap, can y'all believe that?
Rappers going broke trying to keep up with me
You know this nigga: JAY-Z, Shawn Carter
Watch me shine like a Breitling, Breguets the fuck up
Small timers, I said it, I'm addressing all drama
So sick of niggas
This the kinda talk that make me think you probably ain't got no pudding
You in the streets, nigga, make your moves, get your mail
Niggas'll roast a L, but scared to throw your toast, well
There's heaven, then there's hell, niggas
Alibis ain't matching up, bullshit catching up
Everything was all good just a week ago
I'll forgive your weak ass: hustling just ain't you
You know you wouldn't be involved
East Coast bodiers, West Coast cap-peelers
Stopped in the station, filled up on octane, and now they're not sane
Slaying day in and day out, when money play in, then they play you out
Representing infinity with presidencies, you know?
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get Money!)
No thought to even what we have done
No remorse for the helpless one
No remorse No repent
Another day Another death
Blood feeds the war machine
No remorse is the one command
No will to save the weaker race
Like a loaded gun right at your face
Bullets are flying
with madness surrounding all hell's breaking loose
Bodies are mounting
With war machines going
No mercy given to anyone here
Swords are like lightning
You know death is near
Revolution in their minds - the children start to march
And all the hate that's in their hearts
And told just what to do
And love comes flowing through
Will the sunrise of tomorrow bringing peace in any way?
Can they win the fight for peace or will they disappear?
Listen to what I say
Spread the word today
You must be brave
Children of the Grave, Yeah!
Thank you.
Did anybody dance?
And right now I'm so in love with you
Lay my hands on Heaven and the sun and the moon and the stars
Nothing quite like the feel of something new
Maybe I'm all messed up in you
I swear
The sweat in your eyes, the blood in your veins are listening to me
My moral standing is lying down
We despair
We take the blame
We are the fabulous lovers
Suspicious minds
In this lonely crowd
We despise
We are the silent ones
We listen to the storm
Keep me cool
Don't know what to do
Well, I need one now
All the days I owe you
I've done for me
You gave for free
And there's little left of me
My crazy brain in tangles
Those storms keep pounding through my head and heart
(All the days of my life)
Und alten Sporthemden, Sporthemden, Sporthemden
Lachen von Gummi
(Sheets of tears)
Lachen von getrocknetem Wasser
Lachen von drywall und roofing
Lachen von riesigen, tief-gefrorenen Rumba
A dense ecumenical bandana
And his voice pronounceth out
And bales of old sportshirts
Beklecker nicht
And you know what that means . . .
I've never sailed on a sea
I could not take on the church
I know a government man
He made him fly through a hole
He just flew till he burst
'Til our feet grow small
I saw a black, black stream
And a drowning man
I felt a warm, warm breeze
I got a bad migraine
And the pills that I took
(Go!)
You came to live in our town
When your mask went off
As we lay down to sleep
And our eyes fall out
And our mouths run dry
And our tails fall off
We'll give every life
Nothing remains
Look for the cars or signs of life
Look for the drifters
Look for the shafts of light on the road
For in truth it's the beginning of nothing
For in truth it's the beginning of an end
In your fear
Of what we have become
Take to the fire
All that we are
Through these clouds
This is the trip
This is our number
Lord, will be remembered
Head down, too late for that
And this is not my face and this is not my life
And this is all a dream and none of you are real
Hey you, what you running from?
Bet you didn't think, it would happen to you
And there is not a single thing here, I can recognize
Kind of hard, hard to see
With your face in the trough
Don't know when it started, don't know how
Got these lines on my face
I jump from every rooftop
I feel a million miles away
I wake up, on the floor
I don't know if it does
Put the gun in my mouth
Pretty patterns on the floor
I jump from every rooftop (Is this really all)
I don't feel anything (A million miles away)
If I would have grew up to be a doctor
But since I grew up through the game
And my therapy is music
And though I wish I could separate the two things
I can walk down the Hall of Mirrors in Versailles
No shame, no sir
Tight coupes like I'm wearing the roadster
Hov', alright alright
But it's my life (uh)
Once again it's the life
So a G a nigga gotta be
So I'll pass go and let my nephew follow me
So I take it far as I can and then we shall see
I pray to God I ain't got two left feet
Then I'm ballroom dancing
Sweet, BB's on the feet
It's so corrupt
One day you're up
Long as you stay the same it'll come back around
I'm eating better
My niggas eating together
Niggas ain't seen in like forever
I can't vouch for you
So pardon me as I pave my wrist, uh
American gangster, gangster
But I'm not, I'm just bright
So if y'all hear my plight
Couple mistakes here and there
That's how I sleep at night
See these eyes so green
Colder than the moon
Feel my blood enraged
Don't you know my name?
And I've been putting out fire
See these eyes so red
Those who feel me near
Still this pulsing night
Just be still with me
You've been so long
And I've been putting out the fire with gasoline
See these tears so blue
These tears can never dry
Well, it's been so long
(Been so long)
(Been so long) I've been putting out fire
(Been so long) been putting out fire
Been so long (so long, so long)
Been so long
(Been so long, so long so long)
I've been putting out fire
Speak the words I wanna hear, to make my demons run
If you can understand the me, then I can understand the you
Through black of day, dark of night, we share this paralyze
Black heart scarring darker still, but there's no sun shining through
No, there's no sun shining...
Turn the pages, turn the stone
Sick and tired, I stand alone
Or are you unforgiven, too?
She loves me not, she loves me still, but she'll never love again
Black heart scarring darker still, yes, she'll be there when I'm gone
Dead sure she'll be there...
The door is closed, so are your eyes
Yes, now I see it
Could you be there? 'Cause I'm the one who waits,
Oh, what I've felt, what I've known
Oh, what I've felt...
I take this key (never free...)
Because you're unforgiven, too...
Never me...
Oh
Get in bed with your own kind
Drape your back so you won't shine
And I lie to get a smile
To get what you want
How sweet are you?
Chase the rabbit, fetch the stick
She deals in habits, deals in pain
And she squeezes tighter
She holds the pen that spells the end
Ooh Sweet Amber
Ohh. Umm. Hmm.
How did you get in my home? This is my piano. How did you get in here?
It's mine.
Since about 10 years ago its mine.
Yes, positively.
This is a small place, you must be blind you know.
Could have been one nine . . . No, it couldn't have been one-nine-oh . . .
How did you happen to get in here?
Did they make you clean it up?
Ooh.
Memph' Bleek always smoking that la-la-la (hoo)
Kanye track smoke like la-la-la (hoo)
C'mon!
You should come, hang with me, basically
I know my English ain't as modest as you like
I take the cake from under the baker's thumbs
Then I move the weight like I'm Oprah's son
Young don't mess with chicks in Burberry paddings
He padded his self the rap J.F.K., you wanna pass for my Jacqueline Onassis
Lay back in that Maybach, roll the best grass, I ask
Ever seen a watch surrounded by this much pink ice?
'Cause the gat that I clutch got a little red light
To smoke that la-la-la
Memph' Bleek always smoking that la-la-la
Bags by Chanel, all Louis Vuitton logos
When they see him, whips be European
If you're a five, you know you riding with them
No prescription, you could prescribe to subside, his affliction
You can't rain dance on his picnic
No Ouija board, you can't see me dog, nigga you CB-4
And I'm the franchise like a Houston Rocket, Yao Ming!
Memph' Bleek still smoking that la-la-la
It's the R.O.C. baby, sing our lullaby
So when I talk rap, she gon' change topics
Hov' telling ya mind brother, I'ma play shy brother
Then I'ma try bag the ones that got kicked out the group
Help 'em to the limo, play the upboard instrumentals
And she grabbed my pants, felt the potential
That have fun breaking her fundamentals
Has finally stopped driving that blue Millennium
And Rmy and weed, 'til she higher than helium
Memphis Bleek always smoking that la-la-la
Whoa, skip all the singing let's get right tonight, mami
Dream you
Taste you
Use you
Break you
Hate me
Erase me
Ladies and gentlemen
Let this shit knock
Guayabera shirts and bandannas
Bulletproof this, radio scanners
Balling 'til they ban us
Boy from the hood but got White House clearance
Politicians never did shit for me
Wanna give me jail time and a fine
I might buy a kilo for Chief Keef
Hear the freedom in my speech
Would've brought the Nets to Brooklyn for free
I still own the building, I'm still keeping my seat
Obama said, "Chill, you gonna get me impeached."
Y'all gon' learn today
You know whenever I'm threatened, I start shooting (Bang!)
I'm in Cuba, I love Cubans
When it's from China, the very mic that I'm using
You're an idiot, baby, you should become a student
Where the fuck have you been
The new role model, fuck this Zoolander shit
It's hotter than July
They couldn't touch us even if they tried
Marley's hot on the box
On the corner at the end of the block
Would be jammin' until the break of dawn
would be jammin' until the break of dawn
They want us to join their fighting
Is to let all our worries
Peace has come to Zimbabwe
Now's the time for celebration
Didn't know that you
(We're in the middle of the makin's of the master blaster jammin')
We're jammin', jammin', jammin', jam on
Well as matter of fact
'Cause we all just made a pact
Joined as children in Jah
Your destination is the brightest star
I bet you nobody ever told you that you
Don't you stop the music, oh no,
Nobody told you Oh, Oh, Oh, you
yesterday to tell you that you would be jammin' you would not believe it because you never thought that you would be jammin'
jammin' 'til the break of dawn
because you feel your body jammin'
She sits in silence, in her midnight world
Her, distant dreamer, on the seas of time
In days of romance
She'd dance the night away
She holds her pictures, hears the silent cheers
And now she dances only in her dreams
My world is empty without you, babe
I find it hard for me to carry on
I need the love, my dear, I miss so much
But from this loneliness, there's no hiding place
In darkness with memories I know so well
I can hardly carry on anymore
My mind and soul have felt like this
And each time that darkness falls,
Whereupon the house combo at the Brasserie drifts into
BUDDY JONES stares longingly at the little nozzles
but it's too late...WARREN, one of the other guys from
(he's now one of the foremost disco-fusion rhythm guitar
exciting strummery here in Miami), and is in the process
and the other jolly road crew lads. He eventually sends
This is the CENTRAL SCRUTINIZER... Meanwhile,
a fast crowd and gets seduced by a girl who works at
an unpronounceable disease...
Sweet revenge I'm dreaming, I will end you
Countless hatreds built my shrine
He was Abel, I was Cain
I'm hell unbound
To the ground
Revenge, you can't undo
Revenge, set me free
A life for a life, it's my burden of proof
Revenge
I return this nightmare, I will find you
Man has made me oh so strong
Far too late for frail amends
Desperate hands
Have no mercy on your soul
Revenge, just set me free
I wish I was smarter
I wish I was taller
But I put my face in tomorrow
I believe in Beatles
And I'm still so afraid
On my own
What made me feel so bad?
I used to walk on clouds
If I can smile a crooked smile
If I can walk an empty mile
No I won't feel afraid
Anymore
How many tears must we cry before learning,
Can't get close enough to you, 'cause you're just too far away.
You took it all, left me standing here with nothing,
Too fae away.
Taking all and giving nothing that's a crime.
You don't care what I'm feeling and that's the truth.
Only you could see the warnings, and pass them by.
Things that we had they're for real and we're losing,
I don't know how to live through this hell
Frozen soul, frozen down to the core
Freezing
Screaming
I am dying to live
I'm trapped under ice
Eyes of glass stare directly at death
No one knows, no one hears what I say
From my soul
Mystified
Forever more
What is this? I've been stricken by fate
Hand of doom has a tight grip on me
Our body is light, we are immortal
Eternal...
Gray skies are gonna clear up
Brush off the clouds and cheer up
It's not your style
Ya' decide to smile!
Stick out that noble chin
Slap on a happy grin!
Just put on a happy face!
Don't sit and whine
And you'll feel fine
She'd never laugh or sing
Now she's a mean old thing
Just put on a happy face
It's still getting worse after everything I've tried
What if she touches with those fingertips
If she says, "Come inside," I'll come inside for her
I am justified
I am sanctified
Heaven's just a rumor she'll dispel
I still dream of lips I never should have kissed
And if she says, "Come inside," I'll come inside for her
Dear mom and dad
I'd hoped somehow to get out of this quickly so that you'd never have to know about it, but that just isn't possible now
The shame you must be feeling, forgive me, please
Well, she's turning me into someone else
But when I can, I do it all again
Maybe my kingdom's finally come
It used to be Lambeth's finest array
'Til the war come along and someone dropped a bomb on the lot
With a little shovel in his little bitty hand
Puffing fags and digging graves
Achoo, excuse me
As you dig little holes for the dead and the maimed
If you found a golden locket full of some girl's hair
God, it's pouring down
She thinks it's down below with the rest of her toys
So keep your golden locket all safely hid away in your pocket
Achoo!
Mary-Ann was only 10 and full of life and oh so gay
Very selfish, oh God
And just to make sure that you keep it to yourself
And this one here's for you
Bloody obscene, (crikey) catch pneumonia or something in this rain
Though I know that we meet ev'ry night
To my joy and delight,
Though it's you and it's I all the time
You're increasingly sweet,
I greet you...
I behold your adorable face.
But it soon is a hymn to your grace.
I'm touching you hand
At the sound of your voice
Can I help but rejoice
But I always knew
With a song in my heart for you.
And these stars will not twinkle and fade out,
Will resound for the rest of my years.
Not a note of our music is played out.
And an air that I'll live to repeat:
This one, this form I hold now.
This one, this form I hold now, so
Wide eyed and hopefully wild.
Choosing to be here right now. Hold on, stay inside...
This body makes me feel eternal. All this pain is an illusion.
Heat lighting flash, but don't blink. Misleading
You're gonna happen again
Follow the evidence
You are darkness
Acting all surprised when you're caught in the lie
It's not unlike you, it's not unlike you
Blame it all on the bastards when you're blowing out
Shame on you now
Calm as cookies and cream, so it seems
Calm before the torrent comes
Disputing intentions invites devastation
A tempest must be just that
Insane and striking at random
Blameless, the tempest will be just that
Your words to erase all the damage cannot
The best of the last, the cleanest star they ever had
Forget that I'm fifty 'cause you just got paid
Smack, baby, smack, is that all that you feel
Before you start professing that you're knocking me dead
Please stay
But since he pinned you, baby, you're a porcupine
You've made a bad connection 'cause I just want your sex
Ooh, stay for a day
Don't you dare
Muhammad my friend, it's time to tell the world
And on that fateful day when she was crucified
Sweet, sweet, sweet
Muhammad my friend, I'm getting very scared
And what about the deal on the flying trapeze?
do drop in at the Dew Drop Inn
And Moses I know, I know you've seen fire
And I've never seen light, but I sure have seen gold
till I get my own, honey, TV show
And if I lose my Cracker Jacks at the tidal wave
Ladies and gentlemen, here he goes, Peter Rundel, he seems to be disgusted. Whatever. Ridero ridera!
Welcome to the United States
Type or print legibly in pen in ALL CAPITAL LETTERS. USE ENGLISH.
Do any of the following apply to you? (Answer Yes or No)
A. Do you have a communicable disease; (COUGH NOW! Coughs . . . ) physical or mental disorder; or are you a drug abuser or addict?
B. Have you ever been arrested or convicted for an offense or crime involving moral turpitude or a violation related to a controlled substance; or ever been arrested or convicted for two or more offenses for which the aggregate sentence to confinement was five years or more?
Or been a controlled substance trafficker; or are you seeking entry to engage in criminal or immoral activities?
C. Have you ever been or are you now involved in espionage or sabotage; or terrorist activities; or genocide; or between 1933 and 1945 were you involved, in any way, in persecutions associated with Nazi Germany or its allies?
Thank you very much! And welcome to the United States!
A groan of tedium escapes me,
Is this a test? It has to be,
Draining patience, drain vitality.
But I'm still right here
And I'm still right here.
Gonna wait it out.
If there were no rewards to reap,
This tedious path I've chosen here,
If there were no desire to heal
This tedious path I've chosen here
I must keep reminding myself of this.
No loving embrace to see me through
And I am gonna wait it out.
Bang my chest like my name King Kong
Brickatu, brickatu, smash his head off the wall
Brickatu, brickatu, smash his head off the wall (Haha)
You see the bloodshed after you hear the loud noise (Yeah)
Comin' on horseback, mission to bring the boss back (Mm)
Harder they fall, that's dependin' on where they fall from (Yeah)
I'm tryna see where the fuck did they get the gall from (Uh)
Right after the heart stop, the brain stops
Question is, when does the pain stop? (When?)
You do it more than that then you know that you iller (I'll)
Why would you even play when you know we gorillas?
Brickatu, brickatu, smash his head off the wall (Uh, brrrr)
My investments together, might have Jeff do the leather
So don't compare me to nobody, boy
Them subliminals on Twitter don't really rattle my cage
Made legends get in they bag when they heard the way I spazz (Talk to 'em)
They will clap, clap, splatter your waves (Boom-boom-boom, boom-boom-boom, boom)
Then I'm paid a 100K to go spit that on the stage (Hahahaha)
Nobody put me on, I just put the work in (Right here)
Y'all know who runnin' this shit for certain (Boom-boom-boom)
We raised by wolves in the crack den
That boy Tiger Woods, don't make me back nines
PTSD, from the concrete
My cocaine records stand up next to Meech
I speak Patois, yeah
But I would aim at fishscales and double dragon
Banana clips on the oo-wop, we want static (Yeah)
That boy hell (Boy hell)
It was early one morning, I was, on my way to school
I'm in love with that woman, before I learn to call her name
Yes, tell me baby, honey where you stayed last night
Say your name
You know
Nod your head
With their shiny satellite
Listen to the shit they pump
Filling you with apathy
Wait until you know the time is right on time
I hope they cannot see
To murder everything
Listen to the apathy
Yeah you
All of my fears came true
You left me here, I'm all alone
Nothing can stop me now, 'cause I don't care anymore
Nothing can stop me now, 'cause I just don't care
There's a lot of things I hoped you could help me understand
Lost my shit because of you
Nothing can stop me
That old fashioned word
Called love
Me Against the World, All Eyez on Me
Hmm, y'all got me on my shit
Being that I'm flesh of your flesh, blood of your blood
We share basically the same stories
Since ninety-six, every year
I know y'all ain't hating
(Some people hate) Uh, nah, you know what I think?
(I think they've lost their minds) Think y'all lost your mind
Raw, rough and rugged, when addressing the mass public
Got a chip on my shoulder the size of the Golden Nugget in Vegas
I came from the gutter, my success in this game
A payment for brushes with police officers
'Til I'm deceased in a coffin
Please, your disdain for the brothers ain't gon' change the numbers
Please we ain't afraid of none of ya's; who want it with us?
(Some people hate) Yeah
(Some people hate) Yeah! You know what I think?
I guess it's just the penalty of leadership
Or niggas just bored wanna be in shit
I roll with the punches so I survive
I'm back, stronger than ever, surprise, surprise
It's like a old negro spiritual, but I mastered Tobey
You bastards know me, the one and only
You need Jesus in your life
Put the double Desert Eagles in your life, nigga
(I know nigga's ain't hating man, let me find out)
(Some people kill their brothers)
(I think they've lost their minds) You'll be alright though
By riding out when niggas had learners' permit
I bring them pies out if niggas wanna burn the strip
Turn your six, I laid back in the Maybach
Niggas wanna clown, but the pound, it don't play that
Run up on 'em notoriously, take that, take that
Eight maniac cats strapped with gats, you can hate that
Can't take back what I took back to the Brook, look
Some people kill their brothers
And I'm hung up oh
Lies dreaming in death
Stars granting his breath
All horrors arrive
Pure madness alive
And He binds your soul
And reclaims it all
Can't look away
Cthulhu, awaken
Inhaling black skies
All lost in his eyes
Seething damnation
Death by creation
US bombs crusing overhead
Shoot it up
Multi millions still unfed
Hold me shake me, I'm all shook up
Shoot it up hu
You can't say we shall and not fight through hell
You can't shout out peace and then vanish in the crowd
You can't steal the spoil and not pay the debt
You can't sing a song with no melody
You can't form a line if you're sacred to stand alone
You can't speak of hope and then crack a joke
Put a face to your somebody
Or would you rather stay unknown?
Or are you fearful of it shown?
Or does it beat for you alone?
Say that your truth will never lie
You can't look at me and not see yourself
You can't truly bless and not bless the good of all
You can't hear their cries and just close the door
You can't benefit from one's detriment
You can't free the slave to enslave them differently
You can't see the wrong and just go along
You can't make a pledge and then slip the script
You can't be confused and still say you understand
You can't be a click but in danger split
You can't say you do but then show you don't
You can't want for change and not do what you need to do
You can't live to die but you can die to live
Question-time that says I brought dishonour
It seems that I've blackened the family name
I've gotta pack my bags, leave this home, start walking, yeah
I wish that I was sorry this time
I can't help thinking about me
I lay awake at night, terrified of school on Mondays
I wish I was a child again
As I pass a recreation ground
And I can't, I can't help thinking about me
The station seems so cold, the ticket's in my hand
Drop in, see you around, come back
Oh, I'm on my own
I hope I make it on my own
Keep it 'till another day
Illusion helps to keep them sane
Fast sports cars and motor noise
Frozen food in a concrete maze
I'm trying to save your brain
My head's all torn inside
They don't know what I hide
Kill someone, no one will weep
We just want your soul to use
This is an automated system that can handle most inquiries.
please, stay on the line
If you are calling from a touch-tone phone, please press 1.
If you are calling from a pay phone, please press 3.
If you are calling from a secret-spy phone, please press 5.
If you are calling from a car fax, please press 7.
Make your selection at any time.
For information in Spanish, please press 2.
For information in Chinese, please press 4.
For information in Latvian, please press 6.
For information in Yiddish, please press 8.
If you are responding to a notice from the City Attorney's office, press 3.
If you believe you are ticketed in error because your disabled person
your vehicle is disabled, press 5.
Please make a selection at any time.
For payment inormation, press 2.
For general ticket and warrant information, press 4.
For traffic court appointment information, press 6.
unless you have not filled out a DD form 3018, in which case,
down to the Los Angeles Municipal Court building during normal
not reported to the City Attorney's office, please press 3.
voted 'no' on Proposition 187 * and have collected a notarized waiver
said form, please press 4, unless of course, said relative is not
If you are receiving physical therapy from a naturalized citizen but
to the City Attorney, but have filled out form DD 3018, please
Of course, if you have not had your eyes tested by your local
press 7.  If you have had your eyes tested AND voted 'yes' on
have already reported to the City Attorney but have never been called
The system is waiting for a touch tone entry.
selecting your message. Please try again.
Please call back during normal business hours.
She leaves a trail of honey to show me where she's been
Seeds from a thousand others drip down from within
Oh, my precious whore
I am so impure
Devils speak of the way in which she'll manifest
Need to contaminate, to alleviate this loneliness
Oh my beautiful liar
Fuck -- shit is real right here
Don't get it twisted
Yo shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass
Yeah I did it, like them sick white boys the court committed
Drop 100 bars for real like I'm looking for a deal
I ain't straight 'til my numbers match the Motorola bids
If I ain't strapped that means I took 'em off my Nike Airs
But wanna ride mine like bitches when I walk up in the building
Jet-skiing, while you keep warm at corner stores
Professionally, they'll find poison in your X-Ray
Taking shots of Louie 'til I fall
And kick rhymes to the poster, 'til I swear Big moved
How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's costing
Pick out a quiet town and tie it down
Beanie Mack, I supply it now
Couple of 5's, a 6, a few Jeeps
In case niggas wanna test, vest and a few heats
Until you have me, test my aim?
Hit you up in your apartment building vestibule
Heat from the Larkin, keep on sparking
Cop off the lot never see me at the auction
Out on the strip, until I reach the margin
Eating cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend
Now if I kill you I probably do ten in the box
You feeling The LOX, nigga, why you grilling The LOX?
You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family
Shit is deep now dog but it gets deeper
I put it on tape, you gon' buy it, I put it in a bag
Lot of cats still trying to study my last bounce
They got me where I can't be without my large gat
Don't matter if I'm opening up, or headline
Six months in the county or fed time
Anything I'm on is a classic
Anytime I spit, spit acid, L-O-X
I told you the pain was coming
You tried to play me like a joke?
Now take these bullets with you to hell
So many niggas on my nuts I thought I lost my dick
Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die
I fuck to win, y'all niggas coming to lose
I lay off wack niggas and kill 'em on my day off
Murder the whole month of April nigga, just to take May off
Now I concentrate on your camp, like Jews
Whips fatter than them shits they beat slaves with
For you Phil Jackson niggas on that Bull shit
I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car
I don't care about your album and whenever it drop
I'm too busy lighting 'dro with a whole lotta hash
Shooting backwards, just for practice
'Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you
I tell niggas quick, suck dick and get a Glock
I'm half past seven, bust six then eleven
I Ruff Ryde and pop a fella for Roc-A-Fella
I know pop you can't stand us 'cause we cock them hammers
Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta
Whoa watch your manners when my veins pop like Scanners
Big thing, big chains, ain't shit changed
Shit mayne, switch lanes
Flow with no cut, you take it in vein to the brain
You don't wanna owe that man
Gotta, love for war, I don't floss no more
How the fuck you gon' stop us with your measly asses?
Multiple cars and divas with D-Classes
Shit, bitch! What the fuck, ya heard me? Hahahaha
Uh, uh, uh-huh
Bonnie and Clyde
Gotta get that paper dog
Uh-huh uh, yeah, right, yeah
Greyhound bitch, stay down bitch
Half a brick of yay, 'bout to lay down this bitch
And I'm thinking, I don't wanna have to spray down this bitch
I'm trying to stay down this bitch, play down this bitch
Roll the windows down and, wave round this bitch
Gotta talk to the natives, let 'em know I'm here
I got jobs for ya, drop Saabs for ya
Money propositions hope that's not a prob' for ya
Gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uh!
Gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that
I got my two guns, I came to scoop ones
Got a nice little hooptie that I get around with
Gotta find a nigga selling all them ounces and shit
See I drop down and strip, I turn around and spit
Return later that evening in the club with Fox
I'm in search of them young niggas that hug the block
Shoot dice talking shit all day outside
Let em know how it's gonna go, Bonnie and Clyde
Yo, yeah, I got that stress and I got it the best
And if you wanna get down, all you gotta invest
For the next couple of days I brought out all I possess
Between the driver and the passenger where the TV rest
Now all the little soldiers wanna roll with my team
Picked em up in the afternoons and told 'em some things
Yo, never lay your head where you holding them things
Never feared no man, put four in his bean
How old were you when you first let a man make love to you?
Next, how did you feel at the time?
What did you feel, what did you think?
What did he say? What words did you speak?
Now, tell me, now, now, all of it, now, tell me, yes!
You take my body, I give you heat
I suck your mind, you blow my head
Everybody
Every time I get high you say you want to come down
You say it's too much
Get down, get down, make love
I can feel when you break me
You make love, you make love, you make love, you make love
Every time I get high you want to come down
Slaves
Heed
Faith
Wait
So let it be written
I'm sent here by the chosen one
I'm creeping death
Let my people go, Land Of Goshen
I will be with thee, bush of fire
Running red and strong, down the Nile
Darkness three days long, hail to fire
I creep across the land
I
Born
Creep the steps and floor, final darkness
(Hey God)
Am I not living up to what I'm supposed to be?
I think you owe me a great big apology
I really don't know what you mean
I feel my hatred grow all the more extreme
Don't take it away from me
I need someone to hold on to
Don't tear it, don't tear it
There's nothing left for me to hide
I'm all alone in a world you must despise
(Terrible lie)
My morals left to decay
You've taken everything
My skin is begging you please
I want so much to believe
My sweet everything
I need someone to hold on
I heard he's on the loose
Of all them college-educated women . . .
(They'd be all bound down!)
The Illinois Enema Bandit Juice
The Illinois Enema Bandit ! heard it on the news !
Bloomington Illinois ... he has caused some alarm
From farm to farm
And a hose on his arm
That he just might wanna pump
The police will say, "You're under arrest!"
The D.A. will order a secret test
Then they'll put out a call for the jury folks
Then they'll drag in the bandit for all to see,
HOT SOAPY WATER in the FIRST DEGREE!"
WELL DID YOU CAUSE THIS MISERY?
BANDIT ARE YOU GUILTY?
Another girl shout; "Let fhe friend go free!"
BANDIT, DID YOU DO THESE DEEDS?
Silence is mocking, the dawn of a new day
The Evil of her nature, collects in her eyes
Baptised with fire, to wild to be tamed
Let no one put asunder, the power or the pain
Devil and Daughter - pleasure and pain
A thousand times over, you'll hear on the wind
But Satan never listens, to the words that they send
Devil and Daughter
She'll break any woman and take any man
Uh
Won't stop niggas
Jigga! Feel me!
"See that rap shit is really just like selling smoke"
Geyeah
What they want we give it to 'em, what they abandon we take
Put his ass in the studio, let him cook up a cake
Like the wiz in Camelot, the mom-and-pop's is the gate
Let the fiends know hey, we got some dope shit
Let 'em test the product, give 'em a promo show
Then we drop a maxi single and charge 'em two for five
So when the album drops the first weeks it's on sale
You don't want no garbage papi, it's ten grand per blow, for sure
Ge-ge-geyeah
Got your whole block now, pumping my work
Like to floss my cassette tapes in sixty-twos
Get you high for a while, but the, high don't stay
'Cause when this shit flip, I'ma get on some other shit
You know my shit is fish-scale, y'all niggas is cook up
They know my shit stretch without the baking soda
Priority's work wasn't right so I switched factories
Now watch how the prices of your cocaine drop, papa
Crawl right up on your knees
I want a little bit
I think he's losing it
Don't like the look of it
Don't like the smell of it
I give you all that you want
Now doesn't it make you feel better?
Stains like the blood on your teeth
I want to break it up
I want to fuck it up
Let's discredit it
Don't you feel a whole lot better?
Moaning at the bed side
Can only cry but
Pony legs, little trot
The bigger dog has got his spot
Listen to him barking
A puny body and a tiny dick
If you got the money you can go to the top
Little doggie face to a cold hearted pussy
A taste of what the big dog got
Can run his tongue over the hot in trot
Run his tongue over the hot in trot
Tell me what you want
Wants to run his tongue over my hot spot
The little man follows his nose
He still got those
But it needs my money to buy
While you sniff your shit in the wind
Tell me what it is you want
You sniff your shit in the wind
What?
Now can you bounce with me, with me, with me with me
Can you bounce with me, bounce with me, ge-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi
Uh-huh uh-huh bounce with me, bounce with me
Ya-yah-yah, ya-ya-yah-yeah bounce with me, bounce with me
Get it!
And even worse, if I was broke would you want me
Bitches kill for would you still roll
Would you ride then, if I wasn't driving
Would you come around me or would you clown me
Put your two lips on my wood and kiss it, could ya
Ten to six, two jobs to survive, or
Brag, tell your friends what I bought ya
Baby girl, if this is so, yo
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Can I get a woop woop
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs
Bounce with me, bounce with me
Uh, yo bounce with me
You ain't gotta be rich but fuck that
Before I put this pussy on your mustache
Ambition makes me so horny
If you got nothing, baby boy, you better
Late nights, candlelight, then I tear the cock up
I got to snap 'em, let it loose, then I knock ya
My coochie remains in a Gucci name
High class, if you ain't rolling, bypass
Now can you bounce for me, bounce for me
Gi-gi-gi-geyeah-geyeah
Gi-gi-gi-gi can ya bounce with me, bounce with me
It ain't even a question
Like my puss wet and they don't dry like damp clothes
Bitches better have my money for sure
I be dicking they back out, go 'head, let it out
Making 'em feel slutted even if they don't want it
Dead wrong, when I tell 'em "Be gone"
'Cause from now on, you can witness Ja the I-con
VV studs my bitches, then we rob bitch niggas
If not, Boo, you know what, I still fucked you
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi bounce with me, bounce with me
Bounce, bitch, bounce with me with me with me with me
Ge-gi, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
Can ya bounce with me bounce with me
Excuse me? Doctor? If you have a moment?
More of a situation, a gentleman in exam 3.
That is the problem, we're not sure.
Right here.
No doctor, no obvious physical trauma. Vitals are stable.
No sir.
Maybe we could speak to them.
No ID. Nothing
Well, let's say "Hello".
Look, son, you're in a safe place.
But you need to talk to us.
What's happened? Tell me everything.
They said you moved away
Shoulda took a picture
Buy a little frame
For you
Said you sailed a big ship
Didn't know the right thing
I'd love to get a letter
Hope the weather's good
Everyone says
Where they don't care how you are
You can always come home
We can do all the bad things
You can always phone
We could do it, we could do it
Don't stay in a bad place
And the guy upstairs
And your big fat dog
Going back again to see that girl
To see this great big world
As she did before I went out
And I hope that she still wants me to be
Going back to see that girl I love
Going back to take her in my arms again
Gonna leave her anymore
I just can't wait until I touch
I'm looking forward to that day
All day long I sit and pray
Looking forward to that day
I missed you so much since you've gone
I love you so much
Please, let me take you in my arms
The tear that's in my eye
I'm so happy I could cry
I cry and wonder what went wrong
You are my life, my only vice
My pride is gone, I'll never leave you
Don't let them keep us apart
Your friends all say we won't go on
They say that I could never please you
Hey girl, don't break this heart of mine
We've been used, abused, confused
Say you love me, say you need me now
Start love a true way
We've heard enough talk
Why don't we stop our hearts from hurting
We'll work it out somehow
Start something going now
We've been through so much together
We can make it, our love will survive
Let's do it our way
We're gonna make it
Di-di, di-di-di-di-di, yeah, oh
I can't say what I want to,
Things like....
you piece of shit, why don't you just go, kill yourself!
I can't say what I want to, even if I'm not serious.
People tell me what to say,
I said, people tell me what to say,
fuck Yourself,
I said, I can't say what I want to, even if I'm not serious.
Fuck yourself,
why don't you go fuck yourseeeeeeeelf?
Just Kidding
Like the seasons, he'll come and he'll go
That's why everybody loves him so, mmm
Puts his napkin under, oh, his chin
It's so mellow, it's right
Every Friday he'd go fishing
But he'd only hook a perch or two
So, so we warmed up the steak, yeah
What a lonely old town this will be
Will be still for a day
Mama, she has taught me well
The brightest flame burns quickest
Let my heart go
Mama, let my heart go
Wild blood in my veins
The mark that still remains
Of what I heard was wrong
But what is said is done
Never I ask of you
But you gave me your emptiness
So let this heart be still
I took your love for granted
I need your arms to welcome me
Now we can talk in confidence
Lies jumped the queue to be first in line
He thinks he's well screened from the man at the top
They coolly decide to sell him down the line
He's a dodo, no no didn't hear it from me
When a unit was a figure not a she
Another memo to screw
Can you wipe your nose my child without them spotting in your file a photograph
He's come to turn you in
Another do, do
Hah, hah, hah, hah, yeah, yeah
(You player, it's all about you
If I had your hand I'd turn mine in
Hah man, you know man, I'm just dealing that hoe money
(Check this out man, you run up on your bitches
Stick they hands in they panties, grab that knot
Uh, I talk jewels and spit diamonds: all cherry
Caviar and silk dreams, my voice is linen
Mink thoughts to think thoughts type similar
Smoother than Persian rugs, the cashmere
Words worth a million like I'm rapping them through platinum teeth
'Cause all beef return well done filet mignon
Yawn, (slow) when you hoes try to con a pro
Spitting flow like fine wine down your earlobe
Honeys hum in melody when I rub it like crystal
Then the predicate, with this rich nigga rhetoric
I stick pearl tongues your world'll never know
From nice to deadly like a bad bag of D, Now
Focus on the loc', I be the greatest nigga that wrote it
Yet I still feel the need to be fly
You know the black I white china in the brain cabinet
From my nigga Sauce, I hit you with this advice
And the only time you love them is when your dick hard
Nah, you know, that's just laid back man
Cashmere baby
(It don't get no hotter than that baby)
(Them niggas know)
Ghetto's Errol Flynn, hot like heroin
I gotta keep your tricks intact
The star player, the golden bar layer
I'm game tight, so why should it change tonight?
I pimp hard on a trick: look
"I, I don't have a whole lot of time.
I, I was let go on a medical discharge about a week ago and, and...
Damn, I don't know where to start, they're,
OK, um, um, OK,
they're extradimensional beings,
They are not what they claim to be.
particularly the Area 51.
I'm sorry, the government knows about them.
the population to now. They are not!
that are left will be more easily controllable."
That thunders aimless through my head
Chained to the wheel until I am dead
Creates a touch to boil the seas
Forever sorry I shall be
Clenching a torch of sweet revenge
I ride into the sorrow, still I stand
Wrath is the name
And wrath takes the shame
I sink into the sorrow, still I stand
That hungers for the flesh's call
A beast that never slows at all
And shake the gates of hell again
You left me here with sorrow, still I stand
It's all an open center
It doesn't have to feel water
Kinda like the way you're breathing
Would you like to glide on
There's a shyness found in reason
You seem to feel abysmal take it
Kinda like the way you keep looking away
Climb on my six inches and go down on Maynard's dick
Put it right on top of your forehead
I was drifting from day to day
In a great big world
When you happened into my life
All around me the world was cold
With your sunshine girl
And my living you gave it worth
Cause I love you, Angle girl
Heaven knows my heart is true,
When I'm feelin' my faith is gone
Through another day
Truly show me that you care about me
Just remember I'm standing by
And together we'll never fall
Heaven knows my heart is true
She was sick with fear and cold
Of course she never showed
Melted home through the snow
She slips beneath the sheets
But strangers, sad and nervous
Love lies like a dead cloud
Up on Riverside
He'll sit behind
South along the Hudson
Find a station playing sad, sad soul
(Just a little bit louder now)
(I'll bring you there)
(Just a little bit faster now)
I'll bring you there)
(Just a little bit angry now)
And she'll drive the big car
Way back when millennium
He promised her a dream-life
Away from violent water
But he'll sit behind
She'll turn the radio way up high
So bear with me
Even when we win, we gon' lose
I don't know who is who
She don't got time to choose
Y'all fuck the same fucking chicks
Bathing Ape maybe not a gorilla, huh?
Stop walking around like y'all made Thriller, huh?
We show 'em, we shoot 'em in my city though
I just pose a threat, blame Lenny S for that
Giving information to the pork, that's all "Spam"
Y'all always tell on y'all self, I'm just so fucking confused
Y'all niggas still signing deals? Still?
After what they done to our Lauryn Hill?
That's real talk when you behind on your taxes
And they run off with your masters
And my head is scratching 'cause that shit is backwards
But Lucian don't write, Doug ain't this tight
'Cause their grass is greener 'cause they're always raking in mo'
Nah, nah
Die Eier Von Satan
Ein Viertel Teelffel Salz
Ein halbes Pfund Butter
Ein halbes Pfund Mehl
Ein wenig extra Staubzucker
In eine Schssel geben
Gemahlene Nsse zugeben und
Im Staubzucker wlzen und
Simsalbimbamba Saladu Saladim
Bei zweihundert Grad fr fnfzehn Minuten backen und
Keine Eier ..
The Eggs/Balls Of Satan
One quarter teaspoon salt
Half a pound butter
Half a pound flour
A little extra powdered sugar
Place in a bowl
Add the ground nuts and
Form eyeball-size pieces from the dough
and say the Magic Words:
Place on a greased baking pan and
...AND NO EGGS
Life on your own, don't really make you free
A little bit of soul, is worth more than gold
I need you
I've loved and lost and I do believe
Reaching out for something you've got to feel
Kicking at a dead horse pleases you
So many things you don't want to do
What the hell?
Hypocrite
Struggle within, it suits you fine
Struggle within, you seal your own coffin
Home is not a home, it becomes a hell
Advantages are taken, not handed out
Reaching out
Closing in
Struggle
And your mommy & your daddy are sleeping
MOM & DAD ARE SLEEPING
Fick mich, du miserabler hurensohn
Streck aus deinen heifien gelockten.
Streck aus deinen heiften gelockten schwanz
Mach es sehr schnell
Magisches Schwein
Aber beklecker nicht das Sofa, Sofa!
XQJ-37 nuclear powered Pan-Sexual Roto-Plooker named SY BORG
two, side I), spindles over to JOE and says..
I am also programmed for conversational English.
JOE's animal magnetism, SY continues...
And JOE, looking sharp in his housewife costume with the napkin on
entreaty originally delivered in Deutsch in its conversational English form,
I've got a better idea...
You ugly son of a bitch
Stick out yer hot curly weenie
Make it go fast
Magical Pig
Fire
Whereupon, in order to prove to JOE that he is no ordinary Appliance,
What s a girl like you
Do you come here often?
I've got it...
You're Jewish?
Yon must be a Libra....
Your place or mine.
Feel the chrome
Heal the chrome
Hot black steaming
Steam Roller!
to the apartment to have a little party...
Close my eyes, find my place to hide
Let the show begin
It swallows me as it takes me in its fog
Open my eyes just to have them closed once again
Is that the moon or just a light that lights this dead-end street?
The higher you are
The longer the walk
My body, my temple
Step into the house that Jack built
Open door, yes, I walk inside
And I shake as I take the sin
Open my eyes
Is that you there
Away
I wouldn't trust
I say
You should know
To change
What did you expect?
With what you get
Just get out of here?
Look at you
With all the world
You think by now
That nothing's going
She shines in a world full of ugliness
Fragile, she doesn't see her beauty
Sometimes it's just that nothing seems worth saving
I won't let you fall apart
Hoping someone can see
But it's too late for me
I'll build a wall and we can keep them on the other side
...and picking
(I won't let you fall apart)
Before everything else
FADE
hidden in her words and eyes
and she's scared as hell.
Wide awake and keeping distance.
cause She's scared as hell.
I am frightened
Trembling at the thought of feeling
Wide awake and
keeping distance from my soul
Motives changing, day to day,
I look at the river, white foam floats down,
The wait, the wait, the wait, the wait.
The screams subside, distortion shows.
Is just another birth of distorted views.
But there's something about me that you didn't know
Now he's got himself in trouble
His mother and I were quite young at the time
That the child was mine
But they said there's just no way
They sent their daughter away
But I was touched by what the paper said
With a price on his head
I feel it's my place
I've got no time to waste
'Cause he's my son
He wouldn't be on the run today
I only knew his name
His photograph came
A name of a town
But I'm sure I'll find him
'Cause a father's love remains
I'm really getting worried, people
Running with a gun
Oh, I've got to find, oh, I've got to, ooh
Oh, I've got to find my son
(And I control you)
I am the sex that you provide
I take you where you want to go
I drag you down, I use you up
I speak religion's message clear
I am the prayers of the naive
You let me do this to you (I am an exit)
I am the high you can't sustain
I am the need in you for more
I am the truth from which you run
I am the end of all your dreams
Mildewed and smoldering. Fundamental differing
Disintegrating as it goes testing our communication
We cannot seem to reach an end crippling our communication
No fault, none to blame, it doesn't mean I don't desire to
To bring the pieces back together, rediscover communication
And the circling is worth it
There was a time that the pieces fit, but I watched them fall away
I've done the math enough to know the dangers of our second guessing
(Cold, cold, cold)
Between supposed brothers
With your long blonde hair and your eyes of blue
Was sorrow sorrow
Trying to spend my money
You never do what you know you ought to
Sorrow, sorrow
I tried to find her
(I tried to find her)
Oh-oh-oh-oh
With your long blonde hair
Ah, ah, ah, oh, yeah
Put on some clothes
Put another log on the fire for me
Look out my window and what do I see
And a hand reaching down to me
And it looks as though they're here to stay
No room for me
I think about a world to come
Written in pain, written in awe
What we were here for
Oh you pretty things
Let me make it plain
For the homo superior
See their faces in golden rays
They're the start of the coming race
Homo sapiens have outgrown their use
Mm oh, oh
You and me, having sex
You and me, having sex, yeah
It's Dom P and Army in the fridge when you get home)
It's like The War of the Roses going on in my house
Mami just suffering from love deprivation
Put it in the life until love leg is shaking
Then we laughing and we back friends
Why don't you just spend the night
You know the words girl let's make up
Instead of screaming, "Who's to blame?"
Girlfriend didn't believe me when I said I'd be back in a little
Plus a fresh cut and the freezing icicles
Said, "You never spend time with me, what's up with that?"
Yeah, she hid my car keys
I don't want baby I don't want to fight
Put out problems to the side
Baby I don't want to fight
Put our problems to the side
Sex so intense, all that's on my mind
I'm pulling her close, she's pulling away
Cute sex game like our very first date
But oh! I know just where your hot spot at
I do not buy that
Selling me their time
Giving peace of mind
On a black snow sky
Even fathers cry
I look inside myself and see
You know that I should
Didn't time go slow
Watching children grow
Spiral skies
In disquise
I see my memories and feel their warmth
Watching eyes of celluloid
Metaphoric motor-replay
Laughter kissing love
Spiral city architect
I look upon my earth and feel the warmth
Can you hear, the people sing their song,
Refugees of liberation marching on,
When you take a life and steal it's shadow, all that's
It's getting closer, change is bound to come.
Sun.
Stand in line, take your time and be proud.
Humanity,
And me.
Brothers, sisters, children all dying for love.
You, dying for love.
Dying for love,
Into each life there comes a time
Breakin' out in a cold sweat
I'm not such a strong man
You're walkin' out the door
And I'm sorry
Sorry, sorry that I told you lies
I'm sorry, sorry cause now you're
Every young boy will grow up
Then the difference from wrong and right
I'm not such a big man
Cause my whole body went into shock
I'm sorry, sorry cause now you're saying
I'm sorry baby, that I ever did it to you
I'm sorry baby, that I ever told you lies
I'm sorry baby, so sorry
And compared them with the bad
Was the best you ever had
That I won't cop a plea
Beggin please, baby please, baby please, oh yeah
I'm sorry, I'm sorry the way we fuss and fight
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry,
We sail through endless skies
The black night sighs
Falls down in beams
The Earth a purple blaze
In orbit always
Bathed in cool breeze
Dawn from night
The crimson eye
As we travel the universe
Dawn chorus for
The thinker sits alone, growing older
She gave them life
They drained her very soul dry
Hey hey hey, bitter girl
We flew done here just to figure you
Don't be so bitter
You gave too much and you got nothing
In return
And as the sun rise stream
She finds lavender
Oh, what rise, baby skin
The woodland shades its eyes
We're not just sitting here digging you
You seem to lose
Don't wait too long for the prowling moon
Here comes the David in your eyes
That's right
Uh-huh-uh, it was all good just a week ago
Uh, uh-huh-uh, had this all good just a week ago
Uh-huh, yeah, it was all good just a week ago
And then my motherfucking niggas started snitching
Bitch!
We used to hustle in the hood for all to see
We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P
Yeah, we spoke, much more than cordially
The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly
Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed
And when he called collect and I heard his name
He's talking reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone
He said, "Main man, you think shit's sweet 'cause you're home."
Them crackers up there bleaching your dome, you're reaching
From there I sensed the beef was on
To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone
And they show the other side, when they catch a new case
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Funny what seven days can change
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
We both came in this game, blind as hell
Told you put away some cheddar, now you crying for bail
I could bail out, blow trial and come around on appeal
I had so much hustle, plus I was down to ill
Down and dirty, down to fight to round 30
Looking up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at?
You tell them Feds I said, "I'm never going back"
You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious
All this after a week in the bing
I would've bet the house you wouldn't speak a thing
Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us
Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor
The same game that make you math could make you die
Who would've thought you'd get popped one time and rat?
And your son gotta grow up, like, "This is my dad?"
You'll always be in jail, nigga, just minus the bars
All these niggas out here snitching
And recycling it through the ghettos
Now all you niggas start snitching on each other
Wouldn'ta been doing shit
It's about time y'all check that shit out man
Just watch the game
We'd sure go a lot whole further
Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house mane
Got it going on
Ain't got nothing to do with crime baby
You rat bastard!
Well I think I'm going to push it as far as it will go
Only you will know
I'll stick it in your head
Well she can be my savior with everything she does
I don't really believe she understands what's happening to me
I have got it figured out (I should have known all along)
I have got it figured out
How can I go on?
Where is my spirit?
Oh yes, my love has gone astray
The sun that didn't shine,
I'll blame it on the time that never was enough,
But, my heart blames it on me
What made this bitter doubt?
Wish I could tell you,
But, words won't come for me to speak
I'll blame it on the birds and the trees
I'll blame it on the nights that could not be,
Your heart blames it on you this time
Memph Bleek always smoking that la la la
Neptunes tracks smoke like la la la
You should come hang with me, basically
I take the cake from under the baker's thumb
Then I moved the weight like I'm Oprah, son
Young don't mess with chicks in Burberry patterns
He patterns his-self, the rap JFK
Hop ya ass out that S-Class
Look but don't touch, motherfucker, think twice
(To smoke that la la la)
C'mon
Bags by Chanel or Louis Vuitton logos
If you're a 10 chances you're with him
Sick with the pen, nigga no physician in the world could fix him
He's not a sane man, he's more like Rain Man, twitching
Can dead his sickness, no Ouija board
This ain't Chris Rock, bitch it's the Roc, bitch
Yao Ming?
Memph Bleek still smoking that la la la
It's the Roc, baby; sing our lullaby
I be all over mamis like body paint is
Please excuse yourself, you're very sick
Run up on me at the light, you could lose your life
Forty-five gun smoke, choke off that
Plus the Feds tapping my music y'all get all that?
Public industry #2 is my whole crew (R.O.C.!)
That's gay, I ain't into liking dudes no way
I never make the news again, my man'll shoot ya
It's the Roc, bitch; sing our lullaby
Do you want me to do it?
Just turn around now and walk away.
Sometimes I wonder, what goes on there,
When a promise is broken, and no one trusts you,
When you talk about saving, the souls of the faithful,
Hands.
Tongues of fire always talking, wasted words that
We're still waiting, losing patience. Will all the lies
I've got to tell you, there are no rules here,
What goes on there, behind those eyes.
Oh, from the hands of death we take our daily bread,
Spoke, fade away.
Take away, this cross of thorns, look at what you've
It's a cross of thorns, cross of thorns.
Thorns.
One... two...
That's when our hearts knew that story untold
(We were young lovers)
The fountain of love
(Fountain of love)
Our love's glowing ember so precious and dear
We made a wish
And threw in a coin
(Lo-o-ove)
So all you young lovers
The fountain of love is not very far
And remember the fountain is not far away
We made a wish and threw in a coin
So all you young lovers wherever you are
Fountain of love...
Constant chill deep inside
On they fight, for they're right, yes, but who's to say?
Stiffened wounds test their pride
Gone insane from the pain that they surely know
Time marches on
It's the last time you will
Shattered goal fills his soul with a ruthless cry
He hears the silence so loud
Now they see what will be, blinded eyes to see
Was when you went away
And you say you're back to stay,
Go cry
I'm somewhat wiser now
I sure don't need you now
You cheated me baby,
Fooled around with all those other guys
You went away
Crying, crying: please, let me in
No I don't love you anymore
Somebody else's door
Go ahead and cry
Let 'em fall on your dress
I gave you my high school ring
We had a teen-age love baby
It was really so grand...but
That's why I had to get my khakis pressed
Why don't you dig me?
But you don't dig me
I had my car re-upholstered
I got a nice pompadour job on it
I got some new khakis and I met you
Love of my life
Love of my life, I love you so
I love you only
(Love of my life)
They never lie
Don't say goodbye
Love,
I love you darling
Don't make me lonely
(I love, I love, I love you so)
Love of my...
The face of your own stability,
Leaving you with the dead and hopeless?
Eleven is when we waved good-bye.
Waiting for me to free him,
Moving me with a sound.
Drawing me down and in,
Eleven.
You were the voice that's been calling me back home.
Eleven has been and will be waiting,
Where the hell have I been?
I'm so glad that I have found you.
Home.
Turn and run to play.
Carry my ancient soul.
Aim your body heavenly,
I'll come to your light,
Hold your light where I can see it,
High.
Eleven, lead me through each gentle step,
By inch by loaded memory,
To heal,
Reunite,
Hold,
Eleven lead me through each gentle step,
One
So glow,
Glow.
Accept the fact that you're second rate life is easy for you
And we don't even have to talk to you
And that's the way you're going to stay
But someone else's finger's on the control panel
Don't you wanna be brother - Zero the hero
Impossibility impissibolity mother really a hero
It's easy and breezy for you
No edge no edge you got no knife have you
You're going so fast you're never ever gonna get down there
With a magic in their music as they eat raw liver
You really are mediocre
But I think you're just a joker
But the luv-a-duckin' way you're walkin' around
It's easy for you sucker but you really need stuffing
Didn't you? Didn't you?
The ruiner's got a lot to prove
The ruiner's your only friend
The raping of the innocent
Now the only pure thing left
How'd you get so big?
How'd it get so hard?
You had to give them all a sign
The ruiner's a collector
Maybe there will come a day
Maybe it's a part of me you took
And maybe that fucked me up
How'd you get so hard?
My perfect ring of scars
What you really are
Nothing can hurt me
When I live my dream, I'll take you with me
We'll live within my castle with people there to serve you
Baby, I'll slay a dragon for you
But you will find that nothing in my dream can hurt you
When I live my dream
And the empty man you left behind
Only love can live in my dream
Wish, and the storm will fade away
And trees will play the rhythm of my dream
Let me be the one to understand
Then we can live in our new land
I'm content to let you pass me by
But let them know it's just for now
And tell them you're the starring role
And I'm gonna make my dream
Tell them they can laugh at me
My love is gone with yesterday, my love is gone
We had a love for all seasons
There was no time, space, or reason
My love continued to flourish
Then you tried to play love for silly
love by the rules
I will send a robin to sing happy tunes for you
I used to do
I will send a glad star to lead you on your way
Has gone away with yesterday
Was common-place for me and you
Seemed to be made just for us two
That I thought was you and I
Cause our castle in the sky
Well if she breaks your heart
The epidemic from a crystal lie
The methademic that is so hard to hide
Hellucinating in a chemical Hell
Synthetic overload you're under its spell
You try to stop, but it controls you
You're on a suicidal ride of self-destruction
You live too fast
Losing the fight for survival
Waiting the Devil's arrival
You live so fast you need more methademic crystal
Just push the trigger on your hypodermic pistol
What's the point it's killing you without you even knowing
Ha-ha-ha I'll see you there
Jesus children
Hello children Jesus loves you of America
What He's saying ?
What you're praying ?
What you say inside ?
Your story fast...
It will come to pass...
Tell me holy
Are you standing
Waell...
Holly roller...
Transcendental
Meditation
Speaks of inner
Preservation
Peace of mind
Don't lie to 'em
Ooh, hu hu...uh uh uh...yeah
Tell me junkie
Playing
On the table
Are you happy when you stick a needle in your vein
Tell the children
Jesus
Cross for you
Mary is just
Mother Mary feels so much pain
So, you better tell
Tell your story, story!
It will come to pass
Um...um I need you Jesus
Have this I wish tonight
Dig for gold, dig for fame
Are you pacified?
Then it all crashes down
And you point your finger
Just to play the king
Hot and cold, bought and sold
Wish I might, wish I may
I wish I may, I wish I might
I want that star, I want it now
Careful what you say
Careful what you wish, you just might get it
Absolutely nothing
Lord she's handsome as she flows across the floor
She's got the look of freedom, and it makes you think she's wild
Oh, walk away
There's nothing to say
Walk away, walk on
Like a star in the midnight sky, burns before it falls
Maybe she could be the one to tell me, I guess it's do or die
But I can feel her heat, all right!
I'm walking the wire
Oh! Walk away!
Walk on!
But don't be fooled! Just turn your head and walk away!
You a punk, I been with made people, connected people
Why don't you go get lost
You're now tuned into the greatest
Can't touch it, fuck it, can't see 'em, try to be 'em
Locked rap for three summers, poker faces with the aces under
Shit knocking, almost a crime, get Cochran
Hot land, FBI, DEA, I did crime, got away
If they try to plant, under the seat of my car
Same goes for lame hoes, cocaine rapper
We celebrate this, while you sitting back screaming you hate this
Spitting sperm inside of latex
Delegate this, men just giving face lifts
Nor Caesar's, the CIA flooded my block with diseases
Who start shit? My style is laced with arsenic
I know you wanna see me wasted
Team Roc sweater and ice water
Blazing in Barnes and Noble, idolize the vocals
I'm Resident Evil, moving like
I ought to applaud ya, clap at ya
Brought up in the rapture, my flows torture
For the love of sex money and drugs
Let the four power, rain on niggas like a spring shower
If you was looking you found us
Ended up like Chris Reeves
Shot through a barrel niggas narrowly weaved it
Bulging out of my jeans, on the ten-speed weeded
It's like a story never told, but believe it
Lick a round, niggas hit the ground like Sanka
Aim better than toothpaste, Jerry Maguire
Run up in your spot with a few eights, zoning
Four shots spin ya like chrome rims
White sheets got ya wrapped like a Roman
Niggas is cartoons, picture styles that's fully developed
Heat-seeking, grill-hunting, still fronting?
No motherfuckers hope I fail, and gotta provoke the frail
Geah, there you have it
Never disrespect this thing of ours
Eye on the TV
Whatever flavour
"Killed by the husband",
"Shot by his own son",
"And kissed him goodbye".
It's no fun 'til someone dies.
I am a monster.
But with the other.
Into the TV.
While the mother
Watches him die
Crying, "Why, oh, why?"
Vicariously I live while the whole world dies.
Don't lie.
We won't give pause until the blood is flowing.
Will write us the story, so,
You all feel the same.
Blood like rain come down.
Part vampire, part warrior.
Stare at the transmittal.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la-lie.
Pull your head on out your hippie haze and give a listen.
The universe is hostile, so impersonal.
So it is. So it's always been.
It's like blood to a vampire.
Young life, too young, who's eyes are choking,
Falling.
No light in these eyes, no place for dreams at all
When the hand that rocks the cradle, is the hand
And the knife that cuts the cable, kills the spark that
No grave could be deep enough, down to hell if we
The veil of life was pushed aside, by the hand that
The oath you take is sacred, to save not steel a life,
Through human eyes.
Steels the life.
(Over the camp in the valley)
(Concentration Moon)
(I wish I was back in the alley)
With all of my friends,
(Running free!)
Every hole in me
Every hole in me!)
How did it start?
Killed in the park
Scab of a nation
Don't cry
SUDDENLY: DIE DIE
And speaking of creeps, here they are, ladies and gentlemen . . .
Someone told me once
Punishment was cure for those
But it must not be true
And maybe it takes longer to catch a total asshole
And maybe it's just bullshit
And shoot you myself
Consequences dictate
And it doesn't matter what's right
If consequences dictate
I should, I should play God
Die now
Kick it
Shoot you in your fucking head
You laugh in their face
They give you a book
And point to the Judgment Day
Walking places they should not be
With a never ending light
'til they shine the light
They sit on a stump
To not hear the holy word
They preach and they speak
But people say they live dangerously
They just walk the light through the day through the night
On corners of streets
They reach out for you to come in
Except inner sense
Of truth into your life : truth into your life
Even though when they knock on your door
Haven't you
With William H. Holla
The Holla family nigga
Dynasty! New Jay-Z! Beanie Sigel!
We live money over bitches nigga stick to the script
Cop, flip, we re-up; get back to the shift
DJ Clue!
I fuck the most hoes out of New York State (state!)
In the small of my back I got this big-ass tool (ha hah!)
I say I stay on my grind, never stop for bitches
And I stick to the script, that's my advice so live
I seen niggas go from handling birds to rambling words
And it was all good just a week ago
For like a hundred weeks nigga, we gon' run the streets
Peep Hova in a Jeep Rover, passing reefer over
Three, homies under the belt, three extra clip
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
"You in the streets nigga, make your moves"
Geah, uh-huh
"This Philly cat back back at it"
Ayo, they don't call me Mack for nutting
But if you can't take a case bitch and take it to the chin
Don't snitch, we can blow dough, make it again
I don't need you, let welfare feed you
I got a sick whip game, water stick to the bricks
I got a strict strip, flip 'caine, get it in shifts
Only in the physical, I tell you like Mystikal
(Yeah) show me what you working with but wash yourself"
That'll murder shit, empty clips, you never heard a spit
Slide a bitch dick, then I slide out a bitch shit
Shit I'm trying to get down, cop and upset blocks
Y'all get knocked, y'all turn bitch
Some people ask me why always on the bright side
It's like I live in a bubble with no trouble
I chuckle and tell them that ain't the case at all
Not in mind but size and age my papa use to say
But you should always live in the positive
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
As opposed to living in a what is and how much they can
The attitude is "that I can't do nothing 'bout"
The ones that when you say "lets go make a difference"
So I don't waste time on the trip side
And I'm crystal clear everyday that's why I say, yeah
And the sun is smiling down upon me
That still the ground is not above me
That I can truly say do love me, I feel
Positivity, 'cause this day did not have to be
When it's more fashionable be a pessimist
Well I use to have a friend named Minnie Riperton
"Like fine wine I like seeing the glass of life as half full than half empty"
But never to the point of me saying I've had enough
That's why I say everyday
What do I see for tomorrow in the human plan?
I say unity is only as big as our vision
But true leaders must guide us through the ills of society
So if the road is to harmony, be with the call
'Cause the world vision I see is the one-we for everybody
That you can truly say do love you, do feel
Positivity, 'cause that's what life means to me
Positivity, and this day did not have to be
Just call my name and I'll be there.
I am the chill that's in the air.
As the barriers crumble at the end of the day.
You are the fish for which I cast.
As the rivers flow into the sea.
Don't step into the demon's lair.
Steep is the mountain which we climb.
I've been looking
To save my life
A woman with a feeling
Who knows how it could be
I've been waiting for you
For such a long time now
an imaginary frenzy during the fade-out of his imaginary song...
at last that imaginary guitar notes and imaginary vocals exist only in the mind
anyway? So he goes back to his ugly little room and quietly dreams his last
Put the screws to you, yeah, my way
Make my day
The joy of violent movement, pulls you under
Yeah, but I die harder, so go too far
Friction, fusion, retribution
Hey, come on and come on, come and make my day
Hey Hey Hey
Here I go into new days
Yeah Hey Hey Hey Yeah Yeah
Ain't no mercy there for me
Do you bury me when I'm gone
Just as soon as I belong
And I went
And I went on
Diame, Diame (peace and more peace)
No one's coming home tonight.
All our lives are growing cold, oh...
To build a dream for me and you, oh.
They ask no quarter
Lock the door, kill the light
It's getting colder
We have no quarter
I've been informed that when the guy comes out that beats the gong we have to stop playing, because the subways around here shut down early. We'd like to thank you very much for coming to our concert and say goodnight. Nighty night, thank you.
What's holding up is a mirror.
Looking to turn my piss to wine.
And killing me just the same.
What my damage could have been.
Open up my heart again.
Considerately.
Drains me, bleeds me,
Drags me down like some sweet gravity.
I am too connected to you to
Days away I still feel you
Considerately killing me.
Beneath the storm,
The walls came down.
As I look in his eyes,
Recalling all of the times.
I should have cried then.
As I look in your eyes
I have died
It's all right.
And considerately killing me.
A hungry face
A dream unchased
A prayer is heard
Let love be in the
Oh I can't wait until there's sunshine in their eyes
Or wonder why the world's so cold
To take a look around
Today we must turn into lies
He can't wait until the day there's sunshine in their eyes
Sunshine in our eyes
She believes that everything is coming to an end
Trying to buy just a loaf of bread for baby John
All the streets turin bare
Crime just feeds in the air
Rolling along
Wit is the tune
Cost of livin's up, but the pay is low and down
Sister lives alone, bolts and chains the door at night
Father Bills gone fighting in a place where he's a stranger
We all hide in shame bolding pointing to another
la la la la la, la la la la la la la la, la la la la la la la la, la la la la la
everybody say it now
yeaoow
ohhhh oh baby
I'm sweating,
and staring and thinking
deeper.
The sun is burning hot again
and the fisherman,
Seems like I've been here before.
Seems like I'm slipping
Must be the way you whisper.
I'm the thinker
and I'm trying to remember when
and breathing,
and it's almost like I'm swimming.
drags me under
Listen to him go!
He's in there spendin' thousands of dollars 'n' shit...
We should
Ho ho LEATHER!
That shit's been fuckin' rubbed in the ground Hmmmm
We gotta come up with some new shit ...
Who lives inside your head
You are the innocent
No one was ever there
I see the diamonds
I need to run
It's time to open up
Nobody gives without a take
You've been twisted into pieces
How much longer are you gonna pay
Sins of the father
One more cross to bear
Go on - lose it in the city
See the world with electric eye
But any fool could see
And if the pain was gone
And get out
Or do you really care
And maybe when you're gone
You're the only witness
It's just another crucifixion
Take a look at the world
This is the first day of my last days
Climbed up real high, now fall down real far
The last thing left, I just threw it away
Now there's nothing more fucked up I could do
Wish there was something true
I'm the one without a soul
No new tale to tell
Gotta listen to your big-time, hard-line, bad-luck, fist fuck
You know me, I hate everyone
But I want to, but I can't turn back
This world full
Sometimes on the side I hear a sound
Feel the little pieces bleeding through
This goes on (And on)
Now that I've decided not to stay
Everything is back where it belongs
Ooo we will never die
This is not America, sha la la la la
The little peace in me
For this is not America
Promise not to stare
For this is not the miracle
A storm that blew so pure
And I could have the faintest idea
This is not America, no
Snowman melting from the inside
(This could be the biggest sky)
The little piece in me
A wind that blew so young
This is not
But his overheads are high
When you ask him how the kids are
'Cause the Chevy's real old
If the school had taught him right
He could have married Anne with the blue silk blouse
(Don't hit her)
What's the good of me working when you can't damn cook?
I guess the bruises won't show
But the space in her eyes shows through
If i'm caught at a dance party without my dancing shoes
Shame on me
And you try to front me off in the street
Come their way
Shame on them
Around the world
Shame on us
So what the fuss
Interview
If my children are playing outside like little children do
Should i be driving thru a klantown, find a restaurant
And someone says "hey boy, we don't serve your kind"
Power to vote
If I'm hooked on a habit knowing damn well it could
Yet i keep doing what i should do without
Just gives you abuse
If we're jamming the music and somebody's got the
To say that they can jam it better than us
We are totally free
What the fuss
Free yourself from yourself
Like the calm beneath castles
No one has been to
Bring it out and take it back in
Lay back and let me show you another way
Take what's left and eat it
Just too short to push it away
Take it all in
Let it go
You won't feel what you'd like to feel
I'll just come back running
It won't be long now
Way in!
4 degrees now, 4 degrees warmer
Let me in!
This brings us out
It brings us closer than
Let's take it, take it...
Just like that
Dear PFIQ,
I'm glad I'm retired so I have plenty of time to answer all.
Of the deep scrotum piercings
Now, air can get through.
Can you stand like that?
Just . . . just say "now, air can get through")
I have them all
You never heard anymore of Carl... Carol, issue n... number 14, I believe?
P.S. Do you use 1-percent xylocaine for deep cockhead piercings?
(OOHH!)
But I didn't want the artist to stop.
What you need is someone strong to guide you
What you need is someone strong to use you
If you want to get your soul to Heaven
You are broken now, but faith can heal you
Let me lay my holy hand up, hand upon you
Becomes me
He speaks through me
Like I do
To rape you
Open my eyes, blind me with your light now
Would you like to go with me
Would you like to come with me
See the people lock their doors
Beggars watch and eat their meal - from garbage cans
It's a bloody scene
Unless they own police
Sores cover their hands
Families buying dog food now
Babies die before they're born
Now some folks say that we should be
Tell me would you be happy in Village Ghetto Land
Midnight, something don't feel right
Hard life, living the hard life
To the danger zone
I just can't get enough
Red light, don't stop for no red light
Lonely, ever so lonely
I'm heading for the danger zone
I can't stand no more
Ain't gonna feel no hurt
I got nothin' left to lose
Don't try to stop me
I'm gonna live or die
Hard life, I'm living the hard life
Midnight, can't wait until midnight
There is nowhere else I can run to
After everyone goes home
And when the sun goes hellbound
I'll hide within her
And I'm left here on my own
Straight to Hell and back
And I'm left to brood at night
Straight down
Just longing for some company
But there's nothing as willing as she
It falls hard and then it all begins
I feel my darkness growing from within
We become one
The path is cut deep
I'll follow my footsteps to the warmth of Hell
Good day. How do?
Yourself
Hate
And to laugh and tip that two-pronged crown?
I feel that blood that pumps in beat
I've heard all I need to know
Well this particular scenario
Why did you go and let them in
You barely even pierced the skin
Get down on the floor
Been down this road before
So give me just a little, baby
This is gonna last forever, baby
And we will live forever, baby
I'll follow right behind you, baby
Hey
We lost too much along the way
It looks as though they're here to stay
Just who was whispering in your ear?
Just how'd we fucking end up here?
(Just something to get by)
(And we will live forever, baby!)
(I'll follow right behind you, baby!)
How did we get so high?
Something has to change.
Boredom's not a burden
Constant over-stimulation numbs me
Any other way.
I need more.
I said
I just need it.
Finger deep within the borderline.
Relax, turn around and take my hand.
Tired moments into pleasure.
Well upon our way.
Pain and comfort
'Til you will not want me any other way.
Knuckle deep inside the borderline.
Relax. Slip away.
(Chupa minha pica pinto)
There's something kinda sad about
Desensitized to everything.
Now how can this mean anything to me
I'll keep digging
Elbow deep inside the borderline.
Relax. Turn around and take my hand.
And the dark just killed the sun
You've got time to run away
And it always lets you in
All the nightmares must begin
Like death and pain and sin
The Shadow of The Wind
I could make you disappear
Just as long as it's not here
And the first one's always free
You can bet your sanity
As I slip beneath the skin
If words had names like red and green
Black and white and in between
Every day is an inquisition
I'm alive, I belong, I'll be back
In the garden of good and evil
The spider only spins
The night you went to the show?
Clutchin' at yer hand
Clutchin' at yer arm
Where did your brassiere go?
'N everybody shout!
Screamin' at the monster;
Who's this dude with his hair straight back?
His T-shirts rolled
A '55 Chevy that his brother just stoled,
An' his hand is in yer pants
To the servicemen's dance!
What can you do?
Got his hands on you
T-T-T-Tell me baby,
For the U.S.O.?
Lift up your dress, if the answer is "no"...
Would you come to me
An arm above the last wave
Would the effort really hurt you
To help pull me up
The smoke effortlessly floating
Would you be my lord and savior
Now would you kiss me, on my lips
The brain that once was listening now
Scalding, my dead father
Sunny, a monkey then to monkey
No social redeeming kindness
Would you pull me by the arm up
Hiccup, the dream is over
Say hello to junior dad
Age withered him and changed him
Psychic savagery
Little Frankie Mear
The little bombardier
Unskilled hands that knew no trade
Frankie drank his money
Told his woes to no man
Then one day, in the ABC
At the ice-cream in the hand of
Gone his worries, his hopeless maze
Two young children had changed his aims
He bought them presents with every coin he made
Asked him for his name
Were they just a game?
We've had blokes like you in the station before
Packed his bags, his heart in pain
Not to be seen in the town again
They were working, uh . . . the lead singer Ray, the bass player Roy, and one of the drummers, Jim, were all working in a bar, in a small town in California, with some other players, and there was a fight between Ray and the guitar player they had at that time, and they needed a substitute guitar player and they called me up. I went down there, and I started working with 'em, and I thought it sounded pretty good.
Not your baby
She's so fine
People, come rain or shine
Don't you love her
You hear
When she whispers sweet things in my ear
I love the way she talk
Just like a grown man should
And here's why
Well, nothing could be better
And a real tight skirt
Nothing could be better
She walks to the phone
Wow! Go . . .
My-y-y-y-y babe
Wow!
And this time is all there is
And all the times we...?
And were going to...?
And I know you remember
And we knew better
And we told ourselves it didn't matter
And none of that matters anymore
And soon it will be all said and done
If we will continue at all
May god have mercy on our dirty little hearts
And all we ever were, just zeroes and ones
And you never get to take the easy way
Brought on by our own hand
And did you ever really find
Any place that was still
And I guess I just wanted to tell you
That you are the reason
And I guess I just wanted to mention
We will be together soon, if we
Shame on us (shame on us), doomed from the start
And all we ever were just, (just) zeroes and ones
You belong to the city (uh-uh-uh, what what)
In the river of darkness
What the deal, playboy? Just rest your soul
Got these ladies on the cock, now you know how we go
Don't worry about Brooklyn, I continue to flame
You held it down long enough, let me take those reigns
Niggas can cross the Ts and, dots the Is
I'm taking this rap shit serious, to my demise
Basics in the basement, wasted
My hatred is, fueled just give me a sign
You belong to the city (the city is mine, what-what-what)
He's a man of the night (the city is mine, that's right)
I'm like a brain in the voice box, I speak my mind
The illest nigga doing it or these niggas is losing it
But every time I look, I'm moving units in quick
And leave niggas with nothing but my influences-es
Sell half of what I sell because it's not quite my shit
On the spot, fuck coming back twice to shit
Boss game, you lame dudes can't feel that
And drove it up to 55th, the city is mine, what?
You belong to the night (yeah, uh, the city is mine)
He's a man of the night (yeah, yeah, bounce, bounce)
Plus y'all don't stay in the studio long enough
Had it locked 'til I came in the club, Take 6
Got her a Chinese manicure, hair done by Dominicans, all for what
At the bar alchoholing her up
A buck fifty a shot, Louis the Thirteenth
I ain't a player, get it right, I'm controlling the game
I'ma stand firm, holding my aim, feel me?
You belong to the city (uh-huh, yeah, the city is mine)
In the river of darkness (feel me, the city is mine)
You belong to the city
He's the man of the night
Oh yeah, uh-oh
Young!
Ladies, if you with me (Woo), just grind to the bassline (Come on)
And make her show out her wild side, stick out her backside
Got money, got broads, got a crew with me
Get down or lay down, nigga, to shoot with me
I ain't going nowhere, they gotta deal with me
You scared, motherfucker? Keep it real with me, keep it real with me
Got to clap, ya mean? All day with me, clap, ya mean?
Stay with me, don't lose me, y'all
I bought it back for a living
Three she can keep for herself and distribute
Before Mitchell and Ness did it
I'm Cal Ripken Jr. let's get it
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind
If you with us, throw the diamond up one time
Mami, what they're gon' say to you?
Tell 'em don't play with you, get 'em away from you
See 'em like, "Nah"
No, you not balling, that's Pro-Am shit
Stop falling asleep, that's old man shit
Be up in it so long, get my calls transferred in it
Get my SoundScan, BDS, and Marketing plans in it
And make her show out her wild side, stick out her backside (What they're gon' do?)
Got a arch in my flow, all sorts of flow
Even if I'm guilty, you gotta pardon the flow
Way I put it together, tear 'em apart with the flow
Stop it youngin, you 106th & Park with the flow
Actually, I'm number one on the charts with the flow
Like my office, but they're biased, too involved with the flow
Trouble Man, dare I say, I am Mar with the flow
Crossover, slam dunk, Rucker Park with the flow (Young)
Better just stay down
He hits the flesh
Mouth so full of lies
Just keep them closed
Just keep waiting
The day that never comes
But the sunshine never comes, no
Push you cross that line
Hide in yourself
You'll have your time
Take it back one day
I'll splatter color on this gray
Love is a four letter word
Here in this prison
I'll put an end to this, I swear
The sun will shine
Call up, ring once, hang up the phone
Don't want nothing to be wrong with part-time lover
To let you know tonight's the night
We are undercover passion on the run
We are strangers by day, lovers by night
If I'm with friends and we should meet
Know the word's "discreet" with part-time lovers
Have a male friend to ask for me
I've got something that I must tell
And it was not you my part-time lover
But didn't want to leave his name
Of part-time lovers
But, she and he, part-time lovers
Universe much too big to see
Disturbing thoughts, questions pending
Too quick to criticize
We hunger to be alive
Turning
All that is, ever
Will be ever
Pursuit of truth no matter where it lies
On a quest, meaning, reason
All alone in the family of the sun
On our home, third stone from the sun
We must go
Edge of forever
Who we are
Never
Pop queen, amphetamine
Tapped out
The high times going timeless
Death of the innocence
Infamy
Destruction going viral
Ah, light it up
Bulletproof
You're falling, but you think you're flying high
Sold your soul
Yesterday
Same rise and fall
Seduced by fame
Twisted
The delusion absolution
Fame is the murderer
Ah, tell the truth
Burn
The vultures feast around you still
If one won't do that fistful will
Black hearse the limousine
Vaccine
She builds up for destruction
Ah, no excuse
Fame
And I can feel it breathe
To behave myself
Well I am reaching the point
I am reaching the point
I thought this would go away
The only constant
I will use my voice
To destroy
One, two, three, four, five, six
What this is all about
There is a seed
Ladies and gentlemen, put our hands together for the astonishing
Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the 8th wonder of the world
Thanks for coming out tonight
I appreciate that un
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
Got it dirt cheap for them
Boy and we got rid of that dirt for them
For sheezy my neezy keep my arms so freezy
Haters want me clapped and chromed it ain't easy
But somehow, I beat them charges like Rocky
Therefore he doesn't exist
That's the anthem get your damn hands up
That's the anthem get your damn hands up!
I do this for my culture
Show 'em how to move in a room full 'o vultures
Label owners hate me I'm raising the status quo up
Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hold us
Yeah
Niggas acting like I sold you crack
Hove did that so hopefully you won't have to go through that
Smokers out back, selling their mama's sofa
Ladies in the window, focused on the kinfolk
Cracks in my palm, watching the long arm of the law
I seen hoop dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight
Succeed in this rap game, the two things is great
Gimme fuel
Gimme that which I desire
Turn on... I see red
Nitro junkie, paint me dead
One hundred plus through black and white
Fuck 'em man, white-knuckle tight
On I burn
Burning hard, loose and clean
Churning my direction
So gimme fuel
Swallow future, spit out home
Take the corner, join the crash
Another junkie lives too fast
Yeah-heah
My desire
High on a hill, it calls to me
Climb halfway to the stars
I don't care, my love waits there
Above the blue and windy sea
Your golden sun will shine for me
"1-2, 1-2-2"
Mo tengoku no giyu no kaidan wa nai
Watch the revolution
It's no game
Nani ga okkote irunoka wakara nai
Konna dokusaisha ni iyashime rareru nowa kanashii
I really don't understand the situation!
Documentaries on refugees
You throw a rock against the road
Draw the blinds on yesterday
Put a bullet in my brain
Nammin no kiroku eiga
Michi ni ishi o nage reba kona gona ni kudake
Ore no atama ni tama o buchi kome ba
So where's the moral
To be insulted by these fascists
Shut up!
A flake of snow within a storm
In a world with need of change
A rushing wind that's asked to wait
A pearl of wisdom entrapped by poverty
Filling minds with hopeful schemes
Draped in sparkling morning dew
From the earth beneath her feet
In love ability
Black Orchid, Black Orchid
When they know in time you'll find your truth
Why are you crying their fears
Is love besieged by years
Her beauty speaks of what we are
Her now is in eternity
And her dreams have been achieved
Nature signs out her name
Why did they criticize
consecrate their eyes
When you know in every heart that beats
When the world has turned its back
When the fear abducts your tongue
So what now?
When you think it's all said and done
Selfish ridden dead goodbyes
When the pieces never fit
Sell your soul to me
Pacify your demons
Submit infectiously
Into abyss
Cannot resist
When the storm has blacked your sky
When the ego strips your reign
Venom of a life insane
Internalize and decimate
Judas lives recite this vow
Follow you from dawn of time
Watched your towers hit the ground
Helped your kings abuse their crown
Plant the seeds of my own plan
Find a piece of me in all
So bow down
Go head! Keep going!
The incomparable H.O
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now (What you see now?)
And now what's that you talking bout we gon' see now (We gon' see now)
Dig a hole (Go ahead)
I'm still here, mon frere!
They're like, "That's why they call you Hov"
I'm like air, little shots go through me
Don't cry for me
Got a front row seat even if you don't speak
Left a fingerprint, you ain't gotta be there
Then I'm gon' body them
Simple as a serve in volley to him
Why kill a puppet and leave Geppetto alive?
That's why you dig one big hole, one time
Nothing left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered
Dig a hole (Go ahead, bury yourself)
I made it possible
How is this possible?
How is it logical?
Let's open our bibles
Shunning the one thing that they owe their life to
Knowing good and god damn well this what I do
That's how kids become orphans
I keep my enemies close
They put themselves in the air
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss coming (Uh, uh, uh!)
Hov gon' get you, I ain't forget your little disrespect
It's hard to do when you've got nothing to prove
Cause even when you win, ultimately you lose
You selling low too, only time you went plat
So I'm praying that it spills outside of the booth
Outside of your league, that's not what you do
Don't look at Hov like he done something wrong to 'em
He just took what belonged to him
This game is over, I don't know if ya'll know
As you walk alone the night surrounds you like a shroud
Misty horizons block your vision of the world
The land you loved is now so barren and so cold
This time is masters will lead us by the sword
Well I'm leaving tomorrow at daybreak
Yes I'm leaving the sorrow and heartache
Send me love and I may let you see me
But if you really want me to answer
When sadness fills my days
And then tomorrow's dreams
So realize I'm much better without you
I'll just go back to pretending I'm living
